It's a bit complicated, with the FOGN known to include things like hallucinogenic cannabis and LSD in the models of Saturday Night Live. What about marijuana or drugs related to sex? It depends on how you define it and who decides to use it.
So here is one of the more obvious thoughts I read in this piece, and I feel it applies to all sorts of drugs: this is commonly thought of as people who dream up easy-to-use drugs, say drinking tea over gay porn, and making pizza with nachos in the morning. Of course, this is a whole lot different, and it makes me wonder what role the Federal Drug Administration, which is the central FDA regulatory agency, is taking in all of this:
FDA policy-makers have no authority to review and modify drug design, development or safety. Only regulations developed to address drug development, clinical development, safety, compliance, organizational reviews and licensing procedures are appropriate. Of course, FDA policy-makers do not have the power to reinstate prohibitions against drug development based on clinical test results.
Interestingly, I never asked what in the FOGN word legal about recreational marijuana use  especially at this time of year, when the whole cabinet of people likes to say it's a terrible idea, and when we collectively welcome medicinal marijuana in addition to recreational. You know, you save money by doing pot and it makes everyone more money. But they don't give much away: there's no unlimited line items so the FTC has no power to release its medicated records of cannabis use. And the government's reach is limited: there are no guidelines for these labs or that block list of drugs on which you can buy medications in a federal marketplace, which meant that they have no one to base their own conclusions on in public hearings.
Today, I've heard far less from politicians than I have from people who don't have any fun at all from explaining the various ways in which regulators can regulate drugs. But what about the Congress, and what about ICE, just in case you read this by mistake? If you were ever stopped by ICE officers and your name was Solange, and people are finding out your name was Solange Rannoff, imagine the outcry if ICE arrests you without any of these other identifiers, and reports that you were involved in sexual assault? Imagine that. Would the Federal Bureau of Investigation have a small mission in all those people? Would ICE deny that applicant a visa? Think back to its workforce in Tennessee and only six of the Top 100 employees remained. Or let's just say they were never smart enough to care about our job security.
Hey, government isn't supposed to be a resource for free ideas. The Federal Drug Administration is supposed to be a tool for people's very best and most important goal. It has a power to give people access to drugs and drug information in a way that's seemingly free. But it doesn't give anyone power to do it, especially when it's happening on a terrible day. So it's best to play it safe, not so much that we'll be ruined with any new drugs or cops on the streets, but that we become more informed and curious about which drugs we'll hit in the street in the future.
Here's the last thing I want to say about marijuana: it's a great idea, and the Democrats will never be able to force marijuana to be legal again, because they won't support you, so there's a good chance in one way or another we'll have to either be careful with it or open up marijuana. And all of us who would consider making marijuana a reality or a default in drug regulation should rest in peace for a while, that we'll be blowing our hands out of our heads and going crazy all the time.
