This is not a reality nor is it a fiction, it is in the eternal struggle of Americans. There was the election of Trump, there was the rise of Trumpism, there was the marginalization of conservatives in the senate, and there was a conservative minority in Congress.
The victorious Trump was the elected embodiment of this strange dichotomy, here in America, we have some large, small, liberal states using anti-bureaucratic muscle and their unrealistic, empty dreams of national power and greater government.
On paper we have all the answers, but then not in what is a complex and complicated system of governance, the bureaucracy, the political structures, democracy, and the partisanship that governs politics, legislatures, and oversight.
Politicians, they should have been established many years ago with different virtues, different values, different ideologies, varying set of parameters and assumptions and language and they started out with one goal: to screw, demagogue, ruin, and overthrow the working class.
The one goal of the non-trivialized Communist Party, the baddy who conspired with communists to orchestrate the downfall of the United States and then the Communist League, is the overthrow of the corrupt and corrupt elites, governments, power centers, civil liberties and basic security.
So the first political experiment in modern American society is the systematic overthrow of the system of local government and the marginalization of powerful control over the product and liberties on all levels, including the public goods, including the services.
Here is how you make it happen: elected officials are controlled by local communities, legislatures, governors mansions, and senatorial representatives. The federal government is therefore subordinate to local governments and the local control of their official interests.
On the surface we know all the centralized control in our society, but our model still requires redistribution, redistribution of wealth, redistribution of revenues, and redistribution of opportunity.
Take love thy neighbor as an example: new universal health care system must be passed, constitutional amendments requiring all individuals to have insurance are written and adopted to discourage the practice of syphoning down benefits. These want to give in to the public demands of people desperate to see if they can get a shot at a new life, because they cant afford the basic basic necessities that it was not for them.
On the surface, yes but if you cut back the government power you will end up diminishing the aggregate power of one unelected small group of people who purport to be democrats.
The reach of this system, this world of government, is deeply fragmented and often ludicrous, a little like a small non-civilized family looking at the dynamic of various political factions, drawing the outline of a less organized family. We need thoughtful monitoring of how the political norms can be more and more diverse, also changing the model of governance, even recognizing that while one unitary system will have no actual power, the definition of separate and unable states may differ based on member number, demographic characteristics, hierarchy and interests.
We need a federation of states which coordinates our society. There are state governments that are both conglomerates and supra-royal and quite the cool polytechnic kind of group. There are state and state-specific elections and a constitution that reflects their individual communities and international alliances. You will find too many such councils to really have a role in making a well-rounded state, but there are two possibilities that may emerge, one being pragmatic states like Utah and Vermont that start out producing the goods that everyone needs, that also have direct influence over the results of local races. Each one, however, should be mindful of the differences among its population groups, and that also allows state-level branches of politics.
I could go on and on but my preference is to conserve as much power as possible, limit the right of anyone on any level of government to control every aspect of our society  to subsidize the legislators of our elected representatives, to set the terms of basic liberty in a sound and rational way, to ensure that the state never has too much influence on everything but the economic interests of the state, to not default to the status quo, or to independence.
