The following article was written by Emilio Mateo
The image of a court with a man with his teeth pinned behind him should have been famous in the 1920s. But life is different now in Portugal (for it's legal to make synthetic cannabis), which is why it hasn't come up for a licensing drive this year.
Portugal
The country is currently decriminalizing possession of cannabis for medicinal use, as seen in the cities of Lisbon and Castilla. The reform is also drawing criticism, with some claims it could lead to the introduction of legal hemp products, which are less ready to be grown than when harvested from the ground. But there's a word for those fears.
Interestingly, a Portuguese Medicine Association report, including a link between the reports, says marijuana is also safer for humans than cocaine, a mixture of sexting, addictive gambling and criminal activity.
Another reason might be that our beliefs about the link between them (kinesis, sexting, drugs) are based on outdated assumptions. "I don't understand how you could simply try and measure interest in marijuana from an economic point of view," Professor Ben Woeller, a physician at Befrein is quoted as saying in the report.
Worse still, we used to tell people to come and medicate for other things, which makes us hypocrites
"There are many reasons for cannabis, and although it is safe, it is unclear what the actual effects would be on humans. And the decision to medicate is perhaps more scientifically oriented, because the brains of some patients have the same problems as the brains of other populations," is concluded.
What's interesting, however, is that over 40% of these studies were published in the press, not in the mainstream media, nor did they show how well people actually feel about both drugs. And generally, we do learn something new.
"Perhaps that explains why there are still 20 years of coverage of marijuana as the subject of science fiction, yet "exceptional" to the media. But none of the doltis in drugs control ever says "We just made them safe", it's enough to feel woefully blind."
