Corker Kit
Oklahoma voters have approved a medical marijuana ballot measure for June 2018, giving doctors a say over some of the more than 1,100 patients who are currently required to undergo medical marijuana and find relief for their condition.
This was the first state to pass a medical marijuana ballot measure. Colorado and Washington state do have medical marijuana initiatives on their ballots, and in several states, voters may have modified or repealed that status in a variety of ways.
Corker Kit
(Kansas City) Residents got an endorsement for a ballot measure (PDF) that would require proof that over 90 percent of marijuana patients can benefit from medical marijuana.
The measure calls for two things:
The Office of Health Care Policy and Coordination for Medicaid to maintain its oversight of all patients.
Proponents say the measure improves health care for patients with addictions to marijuana, and provides the marijuana without the added burden of annual medical fees.
Opponents (PDF) say the measure leaves too much discretion over patients with addictions to marijuana for the state. The opponents also say the measure provides more people with the health care they need  more protections against the use of pot, and the removal of medication errors  that people with addictions are not currently paying for, and that given the overwhelming federal funding for the legislation, it is not likely that eligible patients will feel any benefit from it.
Dr. Rick Jacobson of Independence Medical Association, which proposed the measure as an idea in the Oklahoma report  which said that people with addictions to marijuana could easily benefit from it  said that since the states new system of registries had limited participation by patients, it was not consistent with the clinic standard set forth by the federal government. However, the provisions in the ballot measure arent likely to add to the costs of compliance with the new system and are unlikely to discourage people from seeking help.
Sponsored by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Oklahoma, the statewide measure aims to decrease instances of addiction among patients by restoring "evidence-based medical-marijuana prescriptions," allowing patients to simply go to the doctor if they are prescribed medical marijuana.
This little piece of the medical marijuana experiment is an innovative, scientific way to help patients in Oklahoma overcome chronic pain, said Dr. Dave Bedada, director of the Oklahoma Clinical Research Center. Patients will be better off if they do receive medication that allows them to meet patients at an appropriate pace.
Kady McCune of the National Association of Broadcasters, which has opposed similar medical marijuana plans in other states, said she found the measure easy to understand and understandable because there are no significant restrictions on whether a patient can use marijuana.
Nevertheless, she added, There are many pot smokers and painters that are ninja, but it is best if they avoid the devastation caused by exposure to the active elements and see medical marijuana as a legitimate alternative to harmful chemicals and dangerous medications.
