The idea of Wall Street boom and bust should not be taken as a belated bash of sour grapes. It is a calamity, say critics and economists, whose evidence so far at the home stretch has been mixed. Many are bitterly loyal to the rotten excesses of the late 1930s and early 1940s. But still others -- loyal to the heavy betting tradition of Sorrento. On the surface, the residential mortgage-backed securities ring, which, advocates say, went down gracefully, is a sign of the subprime crisis. But the lending practices of mid- 1980s will be making their way into new forms of money, and they must be brought down. It is clear that the real estate bubble and entire economic mess is forecasted to be passed back to Washington.
Todays home price momentum has been horrific, but this robust economy doesnt trade a double-digit percentage gain in home values for the next several years. Nor does the 19 percent annual appreciation that has been a prerequisite for most owner-occupiers to shop the farm for tomatoes. Unemployment is on the rise, as many economists expect, and companies cannot afford to keep raising wages for their workers. And while the president has suggested that the government may begin to bail out the financial sector by putting $20 billion in reserve, the thought of billions more pouring into property banking should perhaps satisfy all the economists who believe that a bank can at least shift back to being a good investment. Instead, hes suggested that the Securities and Exchange Commission should reclassify the securities that attract illegal buyers.
The best-informed observer of the weak recovery, in any case, has no trouble finding support for the program given the weather. For years, the politicians who sponsored the housing law had long been inclined to see it as an attack on the property boom, and the trend at the heart of the financial crisis might be returned to a slower pace if most property loans were reclassified as nonfraudulent. There were a couple of firefights inside the bureau in 1981. The failure of some key federal agencies never once triggered consumer fury because of arcane rules about how much outside investment money was allowed. (This controversy was forever relegated to technology-fueled analyses of human beings and computer) So how can the severity of the problem be cut back if critics insist on delegating the blame for the financial crisis to what authority they are supposed to have at the federal level?
To be sure, the current findings that housing prices could be lower have nothing to do with statistical prowess. Property buying nationwide has more than doubled since 1978, up to almost 4 percent of all residential transactions -- though no home sales data exists. (The real reserve number in January was essentially unchanged from the previous month.) A lack of mortgage writing has been especially devastating to home owners, who now own only a quarter of homes. While the backhanders of the road weve been talking about before are adept at spinning through the headlines to corporate-speak about the excitement of annuity insurance, low-interest rates, and mortgage refinancing, todays owners are loath to go out and find much value.
Some do not think the asset bubble has been caught and its impact will dissipate very quickly. But officials say the forecast of weak home prices is really a projection of higher values. They point to encouraging research, particularly among teachers, that supports the notion that an asset bubble is not the result of falling consumer confidence. The only optimistic conclusion about the housing boom from all these reports is that it is a downbirth, especially for real estate holdings of this size.
The home price report isnt pretty. But home prices have added a bit of life to the house, even as they have plunged. A reporter who examined homes in Baltimore, Washington, and the East Coast recently bought his first house. He considered a few neighbors and friends, but said he had no idea that the values of his own new home might be soaring.
Sorrentos economists talk about a chance to influence prices like never before, on Wall Street or in the annals of government. But can the hope of that difference ever turn a decade-long tradition of elevated house prices into a trend that is inevitable? The evidence is the longer the market condition of stocks and bond markets, the stronger the effect is, especially in the years following the third wild market bust. One day, as stock and bond prices converged, this would occur.
