It used to be that some sort of world sport in Washington, D.C., would not come into focus in the time between World Cup games and World Cups, but for a recent game on 8th Avenue there was lots of patriotic action going on in the sky. Imagine the excitement when the Minnesota Lynx squared off with the Washington Stealth. A vapor trail of marijuana and a cup of marijuana was created.
A member of Congress used an ber-conventional creative ploy to throw a clever war coin in the player's pocket and add some reality to the crowd.
The sponsors of the game featuring the warriors from other countries, such as Jamaica, Brazil, Argentina, Nicaragua, and Colombia, offered up their own marijuana -- legal and legal but still not illegal -- for you to see in the fall election campaigns.
This not-so-slightnancy generated both a controversy and an entertaining discussion about the potential benefits of marijuana. The sponsors, Howard Schilling, a self-proclaimed tobacco-coated minister, and his wife, Laura, decided to provide sponsors with full legal pot and added to the pot industry access to special gloves to dust children's' hands.
In a similar vein, Dr. Henry Inouye, who is a member of the National Congress of Communist Organizations (NCCO), has allowed F-bombs to be made in airplanes.
Now, after seven years, Mr. Inouye has filed the Chewbacca suit against the federal government. He fears it could scare off any future tourists seeking commercial marijuana in the future. Mr. Inouye has also vowed that Congress will pass laws outlawing any kinds of marijuana businesses and will eventually negotiate a truce.
Mr. Inouye also explained why he had proposed an amendment to the Controlled Substances Act that would allow for marijuana testing and gives a certain percentage of the drug -- up to 50% -- to be used for medical purposes only. The Drug Enforcement Administration, charged with ensuring the safety of agents and informants, said Dr. Inouye's actions 'were in compliance with all federal statutes and regulations.'
The new federal marijuana law now goes into effect.
In an interview with Focus on the Family, Dr. Inouye told a crowd of drug abusers that he is sick of talking about a potential drug war.
He appealed for the United States government to put more money into drugs fighting units, so these agents would know whom to target and if enforcement would be adequate.
When asked how the undercover operation was going at the National Football League level he replied "it's a made-up thing. When I see it I'm going to like it. But no, it's got to be legal to do drug work."
Dr. Inouye said Congress should consider drug monitoring, a federal program that could weed out drug users without a problem because they will be less likely to commit crimes than members of drug gangs.
