A new survey shows 72 percent of doctors support legal cannabis use.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Preventions National Survey on Drug Use and Health reported that 73 percent of doctors support legal use of marijuana, 20 percent oppose it and 10 percent disagree.
Even by the FDAs standards, only 43 percent of doctors agree with legalization  far more than the typical 76 percent of physicians who generally agree with legalization. (i.e., many of them are people with a very low opinion of marijuana. Doctors estimate they are roughly 6 percent of the 1.5 million adults polled by the CDC.)
But the survey does show a stigmas surrounding legalization that remain at-risk, which may explain the apparent contradictory expectations. The actual number is less important  60 percent of doctors favored legalization, versus 75 percent who opposed legalization in 2012. Nearly all doctors (79 percent) said the decision would result in higher costs. Fifty-one percent of doctors oppose it.
New York Daily News columnist Michael Caputo reminds readers that despite increasing American cannabis use, the medical value of those who oppose legalization is actually lower, and that some doctors are now a bit skeptical of the trend.
As the American Medical Association claims, California, Arizona, and Florida have enacted laws that allow adults to legally possess up to 1 ounce of medical marijuana. This came just one day after The New York Times reported that six Canadian provinces and territories have legally legalized the drug since March 14, prompting at least one Globe editorial from advocate Susan McCartin:
But not all Western nations, including Canada, remain opposed to pot. That could have resulted in different opinion platforms during the relatively quiet period in which that countrys legalization takes place.
I encourage readers to keep in mind that no one knows more about a particular policy stance than Dr. Charles MacLeod, of the University of Georgia in Atlanta.
In 2013, 57 percent of the adult U.S. population believed marijuana should be allowed for medical use, despite major research showing that it does far more harm than good.
Opinion goes in the opposite direction. Almost a third of all Americans say that they would support legalization if it led to better outcomes for people who use marijuana. More than half of respondents say marijuana will not cause problems in the near future. More than 50 percent said their lives will be better if marijuana prohibition was ended.
According to a 2009 study by researchers at University of Pennsylvania, doctor-assisted suicide has long been a controversial topic, but there is no evidence that patients who abuse end-of-life-care drugs are safer than those who dont. Several scientific studies have been done that show that physicians use a considerable proportion of their patients opioid prescriptions.
Parents and consumers have varying views of the scope of the dangers of medical marijuana. However, many of them agree that it shouldnt be used for mental illness, which can lead to serious harm.
As in Canada, as law in the state is often contradictory to one another, there is no public consensus on the issue. While a state lawmaker proposed local legislation to legalize the use of medical marijuana, several states  all five in the top three  have already legalized marijuana.
Among the findings:
 State legislators and health organizations all support legalizing marijuana.
 According to the CDC, 70 percent of Americans believe that marijuana should be permitted as a substance that advances happiness, health, and physical health.
Medical marijuana uses have been decriminalized in 14 states across the U.S. (but not all).
Some of the results are surprising, given that research has consistently shown that the use of marijuana is a health hazard, though medical marijuana use is not a public health issue. More than 38,000 people died of sudden cardiac arrest from marijuana use in 2010.
Members of Congress, the American Medical Association, and the American College of Physicians are all pro-legalization, but neither state legislators nor state attorney generals are as vocal as some have been.
As journalist David VanderGan illustrates in his book Marijuana Tilt Forward: How to Protect Your Prosperity for a Time of Crisis:
Confronting Insults and Malpractice
For more on the marijuana debate, be sure to read his entire book, Cannabis, from the G-Market: How the Powerful, Self-Lossful Indie Generators Threaten the Growth and Future of Medicine.
