Its finally here. Its safer than ever. And thats OK.
Some 1.4 million Americans currently use medical marijuana. A new study by the Boston-based American Civil Liberties Union claims that card-holders will finally be able to begin serving up their newly obtained drug when it is available. That leaves over 2.7 million still in the dark.
The ACLU alleges that Americans now get an opportunity to be treated in-person rather than on a computer screen.
Until recently, weed was available in only one corner of every room in hospitals, ACLU director of communications Kurt McMurry said at a press briefing on Wednesday.
According to the newly released statistics, 9.3 percent of eligible voters are enrolled in part or all Medicaid programs, and more than 50 percent are on some kind of Medicare prescription drug plan. At the same time, about 46 percent of low-income Americans between the ages of 55 and 64 use marijuana or are on a prescription drug program.
We know that use of marijuana, especially recreational marijuana, is growing in compliance with social safety net laws, McMurry said. Being able to use marijuana in place of purchased medicinal marijuana is a victory in legalizing pot, and we do expect this practice to begin later this year.
According to the ACLU, new programs include the State of Connecticut, Maine, Minnesota, and New York. And the documents documents were released by the DOJ in a June 2015 filing at the end of this year.
As of Tuesday, critics had a tough time getting their hopes up following the feds announcement. Even though the feds had no official announcement about how they would open a trial between Massachusetts and Vermont in 2017, officials claimed that additional testing would take place in Washington and Pennsylvania.
The hopeful reports stem from the brown-bark controversy which erupted in 2016 following the news that Vermont had rejected all seven of the federal candidates for governor and Republican nominees to the U.S. Senate and vice-presidential race.
But McMurry, the ACLUs press officer, says the massive infusion of cash is necessary because the states population is underfunded to allow enough medical pot.
The fact that were talking about marijuana is a much larger priority than committing to it, he said. Its also reason why the fees are increasing from the initial proposals for a trial and we believe this will have some deleterious effects in the long run.
According to the Associated Press, Massachusetts is on track to hit nearly 500,000 patients using anadditional investigatory segment of marijuana a month within the first 12 months of the medications introduction. The Governors Office of Medical Marijuana Plans and Services said the average cost of medical marijuana now is about $34,000.
The July 2016 filing from the Department of Public Health said the average annual cost of a medical marijuana plan for Massachusetts is around $50,000.
