Its almost a guarantee that you will get prostate cancer by marijuana use, and its likely that many users will also decide to smoke marijuana at some point in their lives (see video above).
Most physicians across the country strongly support legalizing marijuana for medical use and the opportunity to try marijuana itself. However, we cannot rule out the possibility that some individuals prefer to smoke marijuana at some point in their lives.
According to the David Brennan Center, among more than half of those polled who support legalizing marijuana, Less than half of respondents choose cannabis as a safe choice for several uses of the drug, including sexual intercourse. This apparently conservative figure is considerably less than half of those who support legalizing marijuana use, and more than half of those who dont.
Well, no one is 100 percent going to get prostate cancer. However, what the same poll found is that nearly 60 percent of those polled say they use cannabis for pain management and a growing body of evidence that marijuana has helped to reduce chronic pain and reduce incontinence, among others.
The numbers are staggering. In fact, the UC Davis Medical Society conducted a study that said 50 percent of the majority of users from a medical marijuana clinic chose marijuana as a safe choice to relieve pain, reduce headaches, reduce episodes of chronic bladder or urethra dysfunction, as well as lower risk of cancer.
Particularly noteworthy for researchers was a survey found by the American Association of University Physicians to find that the percentage of those surveyed who said they use marijuana as a safe choice to relieve fatigue and pain, or an appropriate use of marijuana for a chronic pain solutiona search for i.e., why may your body work out, if marijuana helps it to relax, what happens when you dont get out of bed as easily as before and dont want to use it as often as you used to? was way way too low.
It turns out that marijuana just isnt very effective at relieving pain or urinary symptoms. And it isnt all that effective for the poor, making it more expensive. In fact, a decade ago doctors recommended that regular treatments for minor pain and urinary symptom reliefsuch as antidepressants, acupuncture, and supplementsbe reserved for people with numerous chronic diseases.
So the pediatricians of the American Academy of Pediatrics likely recommend only moderate to heavy marijuana use and not considered alternative treatment options, making the vast majority of users say they just wouldnt give up the tried and true.
Still, a growing number of physicians are increasingly concerned about the potential for doctors to prescribe marijuana as an effective alternative to pain medications.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse released a report last year that said that 65 percent of patients who receive medical marijuana use its extremely limited safety and effectiveness, compared to only 19 percent of drug users. According to a 2013 study by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), among 70 million adults worldwide, medical marijuana may be the safest and most effective approach for treating treatment of chronic conditions and other mental health conditions.
The study also found that 38 percent of the people with primary chronic pain may attempt marijuana, but they may develop short-term pain and difficulty concentrating and expressing emotions, according to a 2014 SAMHSA report.
Its a simple solution that could save even more lives, it seems, if it is legalized, according to pollster Dave Sonnenberg.
This isnt going to be dealt with in terms of using the drug as a cure. There are three major dangers the legalization of marijuana poses, which is that its unsafe for medical purposes, he told LiveScience. If its legalized, there will be very limited access to marijuana.
Sonnenberg added that its highly likely that, in the end, marijuana is one of the primary drugs used in treating depression and other mental health conditions.
For most of our patients,  they have no doubt that they will get better, he told LiveScience. Were now talking about treating a devastating population of depressed individuals that, we know, will be dead by the time its legalized. So, once you have a marijuana product thats safe for use, maybe that will lead to better care for them. But in the meantime, we have to re-evaluate our own prescribing practices.
