A recent Quinnipiac University poll demonstrates that Americans overwhelmingly support legalizing marijuana for medical reasons, even if there is no clear benefit.
The poll, conducted in conjunction with the Pew Research Center, ranks marijuana as the No. 1 cause of death among Americans in nearly three-quarters of cases. But this is not exclusive to marijuana users: Pew found that a similar percentage said they favored marijuana legalization even if the name of the legalization proposal was misleading.
The poll was taken Oct. 5 to 18 months after President Barack Obama signed a bill legalizing marijuana for recreational use in the U.S. (Senate Bill 227 was cited as the most important legalization legislation in this period; it passed by a vote of 4841, based on the overwhelming public support.)
The Quinnipiac poll, conducted October 4 to 6, 2012, found that 83 percent of respondents support legalization of marijuana and just 46 percent opposed it. But 91 percent of respondents favor legalization if government action involved regulating marijuana.
Our experience shows that health-related and economic burdens are significant issues that outweigh any benefits for doctors or patients, said Quinnipiac University Executive Director Rebecca Roth in a statement. Taking these lessons into account, it is the best possible decision for patients and doctors.
Professor of Clinical Pharmacology Dr. Michael Tanke, a professor of psychiatry at Iowa State University, said he doubts the primary issue will be whether legalization will make medical marijuana safe.
They may just be an inconvenience in the application of marijuana to surgery and vision, Tanke said, adding that medical marijuana has an important advantage over recreational weed in terms of being an undesirable drug.
The more difficult problem is whether medical marijuana has a real clinical benefit in alleviating pain and treating anxiety or how it affects patients. According to one bill released in November 2012, federal funds would be used for research into medical marijuana.
David Adams, director of the Center for Medical Cannabis Research, said researchers do not use pot as a substitute for marijuana to treat pain or anxiety.
This is legal, and the FDA tends to over regulate this, he said. Their drug testing for people up and down the country doesnt identify the drug. They didnt. But here they are approving it. There are indications of over-prescribing.
