Colorado became the first state in the country to legalize recreational marijuana, joining more than 20 other states, including Rhode Island and Maine, to do so.
Gov. John Hickenlooper approved legislation Friday that would become the first state to do so. On Oct. 30, the New York Times reported that legalizing marijuana would have had a significant impact on prices, but President Barack Obama personally disapproved of the idea in a phone call with Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper.
Colorados election last November made the date a clear victory for legalization. Coloradans backed legalization with majorities, overwhelmingly, that supported it. The Colorado ballot measure was not the only concern: as noted by The Guardian, Democrats beat Republican Governor John Hickenlooper in several key competitive races in the state. A Denver Post news account reports that the state police warned voters during a November election last year that marijuana is not safe to handle. A U.S. Department of Justice study in October concluded that marijuana use could potentially have adverse effects.
In September, Colorado increased its $4 million limit on the states pot sales, and Thursday the state treasurer said that the cap could be doubled. Last year Colorado didnt restrict pot sales, but the move resulted in a spike in national sales. There were 810,000 customers in Colorado last year, the most of any state.
This is a bad day for Colorado and one of the best days in Americas history, state Treasurer Chris Johnston told Politico. Colorado has turned back the clock on more of the norms that we used to be accustomed to here in Colorado.
Now its up to the governor to change course.
Colorado has had some trouble with legalizing marijuana for decades, notably state legislation that requires the possession of up to an ounce of pot in the state. In 1996, a federal judge blocked the prohibition as unconstitutional and said the law was justified when it directly affected marijuana users. The national debate about marijuana legalization has been contested for years in national debates that have focused on the controversial effects marijuana has on the environment, unemployment, healthcare, housing, taxation, and security. Last year, a federal court ruled that the state had acted illegally in refusing to let Colorado offer up to a million dollars in medical marijuana vouchers to foster young peoples medical research. In May, a federal judge blocked the states health care waiver program, citing the legislations unconstitutional constitutionality. In 2012, Colorado was unable to formally decide on recreational marijuana.
Colorado is taking pot to Washington D.C. One month after announcing it would become the first state to legalize medical marijuana, Washington D.C. residents will be allowed to find an alternative  Washington Redskins fans will be permitted to bring their team to town from the other states (see here).
