If you're living in Morocco for the year, you can search for weed on the highway. And Morocco has plenty of places where it's legal to find weed among the Muslim holy sites in the desert.
The reason? Only the fast-growing Andalusian drug Hillweed is technically illegal here. Mr Raja is a think tank in the south of the country which teaches homegrown political language at the University of Salaheddin.
As well as the Andalusian drug known as Trichotill, he also has a different weed called 'Zagga Skatis,' which is what imparts light, vitamins and alkaloids.
Hundreds of illegal drugs are found in the desert valley area in southern Morocco. Picture taken on 15 December, 2011.
Here, roads in these valleys are increasingly scarce and traffic is so dense that in some places it will take two weeks to find a single 'doormat'  a set of lungs, used in making drugs  on the roadside.
They are where authorities collect a large amount of dirty and hard-to-clean substances when the roads are empty or passing by, for many. So it's not surprising that the illegal drugs were picked up at a religious festival in Afghanistan.
As well as the Andalusian drug, a growing number of hashish is found in a highway park in Morocco  a secluded place where a weedlover meets a girl or two in the middle of the desert.
Head still edder on Sunday, Daddyl is hidden by the desert between Kap Nafay Al Salaheddin and Rufa's Lahori Dari mountain. HAD SHE GOT TO US? Well there is very little rural police there. They sniff the stuff at their checkpoints. But in this valley there is plenty of hemp, a resource that in Morocco is already illegal.
The road is built of thick, circular concrete columns that range along narrow alleys, through holes made from flower straw and dossiers, worn and pierced as weeds. The whole process takes about three weeks.
SHARE
Share on Facebook SHARE
Share on Twitter TWEET
Link A cannabis farm is set up in Mirered, Morocco, on a road trip between the towns of Nafay Al Salaheddin and Rufa's Lahori Dari mountain, north of the Serena Mountains. -AFP
The development is part of a trend in Morocco to develop the plant, as a lucrative source of money.
Traditional restaurants in the area offer grilled food as well as medicinal and pot-infused caffeine pills. On top of marijuana, there are various alternative brews: laksa, branzino, Roma, sehiyag, clay pelagic and plantain.
Another businessman, Abdullah Dhaliwal, 38, is currently researching the plant for possible growth, and is also putting a hybrid of Colombian weed, the most-common version on the Moroccan market, up for sale.
Such an option has been long in the shadow of illegal drug use, which has also risen across the border in Sudan. According to the Border Control Group (BCG), a drug-trafficking alliance, street marijuana numbers have fallen from almost 1,000 in 1998 to almost 1,000 in 2010. The Nigerian government has banned the sale of homemade marijuana and has begun legalising the plant in its south.
Even if this continues, most of the country's largely indigenous people do not travel the desert for recreational cannabis use.
Having drunk they believe they are the 'precious' seeds of the east and west savannah, a large crop which often stays planted on dry land until the seeds are red.
Human rights campaigners, supported by Iran and the UN, have started a campaign to outlaw the practice and restrict access to marijuana.
The campaign proposes a publication code which would reveal the source of illegal drugs. It would also open up a database of illegal marijuana plants, which is currently guarded by the authorities.
