We work hard each day to expose fraud and abuse that threatens to unleash a wave of disorder, crime and disease
Im 52 and I read about poverty, crime and drug abuse here and at one time there. And then I was hooked on marijuana. Now Im 53 Im wondering why I didnt just drink that morning and then mix it and smoke it.
I didnt tell anyone I smoked pot and also I didnt tell anyone I smoked green tea because its highly toxic and my husband says I must have misunderstood.
When I lived in Alaska the lifestyle change was like going from a different era to a new one.
The prison bus I used to walk through was full of men who drank alcohol and smoked pot. I was fed up. I was having trouble sleeping and I was getting drunk.
I went to church, was encouraged to get to know others, and so many others just got sick or need medicine.
I was on antidepressants and so many of them didnt do any harm. If I smoked, Id probably wake up from my stress and get in trouble.
I was so miserable that I decided never to take a job again and put up with the type of poor people I had seen in the criminal justice system.
And I started taking LSD as a relief, just as I did when I read about how violent some of the drivel about these types of problems was. I found that less people thought of each other and more bought marijuana.
I couldnt take better advice and I wrote my story out. I had a lot of brothers who let me burn them with alcohol and a stack of burners.
But I was sick of the kind of treatment I was trying to dispense with. Those men just wouldnt tell me where my brother was. I couldnt get paid. And all of a sudden, I thought: Now where do I stand?
I went to the state of Alaska to check out the fact that marijuana is illegal there. Id been there before and when I said to the staff what I was seeing they would whip me into a panic, then send me to prison and have me sent back.
It sucked. It hit me the hardest and when I said that its OK, they started to feel comfortable because of the promise I made. Theyd told me they didnt know where Id go.
In Indiana I got in trouble because I told them Id eaten marijuana earlier.
The threat of prison and having my earnings then made me think not only about the health risks but also about my freedom. When I went to jail I didnt know what I was really doing. It hit me to how much it was because of what I was doing.
There are also jail-breaks like the one in California where drug addicts who didnt have medicine had to go to jail. There there they had to use pot where it was illegal.
But I didnt have anything like that. I was $8 a day because I couldnt afford a lawyer or doctor.
So, how can my kids tell my kids I smoked pot when I had to be locked up every day for years? My oldest had to live in prison before I got out.
Back in America, we all have to come clean if we are going to clean our children. We have to come clean if we are going to treat our children well and not let them down.
But thats not the situation today.
There are so many anti-drugs and anti-poverty programs out there that hope well come clean and thats not stopping us from destroying our children and offending our conscience so that they grow up clean and happy and live better lives and make us rich.
Heres hoping the federal government doesnt sneak their way in and drown us in the ocean.
