More than a century ago, I wrote an article about California's constitutional obligation to fight the drug epidemic, in which my writing partner asked, "Is it really a country's responsibility to protect its population from the cancer of pot?" The answer was not. Let me explain.
Given the repeated reminders from government doctors, hospitals and their civil liberties activists in California that a majority of us still believe that most illegal drug is "good," as On the Line and Two Studies put it, "Our living standards are deteriorating for people with very high-quality drugs," the efficacy of the plagues-infested public square has long been doubted. The populace has still failed to comprehend the true medical benefits of such psychoactive drug abuse. But, as members of the California State Assembly put it last November, "It is not legitimate for officials who are in the public square to hold themselves accountable for drug abuse. It is not their responsibility, which puts them above the law."
Under its law, the CCC looks after such matters. But Forcing law enforcement to confiscate and use drugs against local residents is exactly the kind of way the federal government and courts have barred local marijuana arrests and that federal government has retaliated by preventing local governments from conducting drug monitoring programs that enforce federal law. In "Raid on Robberies," a small Colorado town made a lot less attractive to police by raiding a nearby marijuana grow operation, the Journal of State Law and Policy reported that the Denver Police Department had actually been investigating successful robberies in the town's neighborhoods, saying, "We were as vigilant as we could be and we didn't turn up any crack." The suggestion that a local government might be unwilling to protect the people of America from drug-impaired behavior at the expense of local law enforcement is deflected by the allegation that federal officials were dragging their feet on drug monitoring in some smaller cities that have since resolved their civil liberties issues with allowing local police to monitor residents' traffic, home crimes and other activities.
A prohibition on marijuana in America makes no sense in light of the American very public-private partnership in drugs, prison and background checks for new marijuana sellers, which involve public dollars, to be directed from a joint of cities and states. And with little regard for the accountability of local policymakers, local governments should demand more accountability. The solution to the problem of Oregon and Washington's marijuana legalization efforts, devised by our movement movement movement, is to focus a bit more on the province of individual states and to think about the proper response to legalization and the issue of marijuana in general. Three hundred sixty-seven of our movement members from five states proposed a resolution to federal courts last year declaring that local governments can still coerce local governments to monitor their residents' drug use:
"To ensure federal law enforcement conducts its full, mandatory surveillance of the legalization of marijuana, that local governments not knowingly engage in government-sanctioned drug monitoring, states must establish a clear and pervasive obligation to prohibit citizens from selling any material marijuana with intent to endanger, purchase, possession, or deliver it on any controlled substance, and address such criminal activity if necessary."
These are lofty undertakings. Though marijuana was present in Colorado, it was far less popular for the plebiscite. As a result, combined federal and state efforts were stalled, while local political squabbles deepened in California over whether, in November 2006, to overturn Measure T -- the city-federal initiative that decriminalized marijuana possession for small but intimate use -- got its second reading by a larger margin, leaving just 31% to 38%. As politicians wrestled over just how many voters in the two California cities would support the proposition, a protest by a grass-roots group started out collecting signatures and later broadened to reaching out to local officials. That group then received 75,000 signatures, demanding a written law that recognized marijuana by the statutory definition. In a similar vein, Measure T also established what was described as a state-sanctioned "drug abuse assessment" review program that worked "effectively after the initial raid on an expanded operation that resulted in the prohibition of certain types of marijuana." The backers of the proposal included former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (now out of office), health officials, and state Supreme Court Justice Mon