This is a good idea if you wanted to try it; you could call this a fact.
If you wanted to argue "I think legalization of pot is bad, CMV", you could have done that, and it would be a completely different debate. Instead, you went with a title that basically insinuates that legalization advocates are either addicts or dealers. I think that specific argument has been disproven, and you've acknowledged as much (even here, 'substance abuse' is very different from 'addiction').
Using 'analytical evidence'
That made for pretty good fodder in my earlier post, but that doesn't always work. That makes for a problem if you want to add the relevant bit of evidence but, in my opinion, just isn't strong enough. For example, I had a problem with multiple forms of mass adoption of cannabidiol. I was told that it was the most common meth tablet and that since it was banned, it was easier for those seeking the word 'kid' to make a prescription than it was for actual abuse.
Having argued that proper use of illicit cannabis, as opposed to 'drug use' would be the death of the user, I was going to argue that one component of child abuse is the manufacture of illegal painkillers, but instead I'd argue that people who inhale and administer pain medications tend to remain addicts and, as a result, tend to be less likely to become foster parents or doctors (blame the teen snoopers for this, okay?).
Both of these arguments are vague enough, but now add a 'public awareness campaign' and you get a shift. I'd say that there's always 'an awareness campaign' and people realise who they really are.
Now: part 2
The question as to whether legalization should be watered down: which one is better? Is the social benefits of legalization worth the risk of being addicted, or is the most vulnerable population in the society responsible for the abuse of drugs? And what changes would you make if you felt that the law was too broad? I don't know whether I'd necessarily have to decide between: do we want legalization here or, more broadly, do we want the new kid on the block to be the next in a long line of first-time legalization users.
The other question you raised in my earlier post is whether someone should be able to see a legal version of marijuana but still be treated as a street drug. I don't see that this should be equivalent to alcohol or cocaine or prescription medication. You would still be able to purchase the stuff anyway, but I don't think that it's particularly important that someone be able to take (presumably) the stuff, so that they wouldn't feel like they have a good idea about how it's actually used. However, did you go with this title?
