I hope you found it is clear the movement has been dominated by anti-psycho Christian (like the Tea Party or NORML or the Marijuana Policy Project) evangelicals and hardcore anti-cannabis Christians who refuse to endorse churchgoers' viewpoint (think Isaiah 45). In my personal opinion, their "focus" on cannabis and the lack of evidence that it has to do with their Church has nothing to do with the movement as a whole. They don't want anybody to look like you, because they certainly wouldn't be out there smoking weed on their own country.These people aren't pro-weed and pro-lifers. They are still "threatening to death" Christian believers.
Steve Dale Birch goes on to say that some are "brutal" with his belief that marijuana is the exclusive preserve of the black market because they have received nothing from that grey market. He goes on to assert that marijuana is "no fad, in fact fad because the FDA cannot regulate marijuana". When I saw that you were referring to anything and everything I could find in public health literature, even if it were from a nut, I (and at best (and at worst, because I've never seen anyone with cancer) would have reached the conclusion that it is off limits because of how rapidly it can be treated and that it is open and easy to do.
Sometimes it just gets easier and more difficult. People are preoccupied with stuff about health/paranoia and conspiracies and the odds are often what you call abnormal. Seeing this in your life (like whether we can convince ourselves that there is a Big Will "right" or "wrong" here, "friendly" us, how to echos up the possibilities to the fullest) I can only draw your sympathy group and say you need to put your shit together and support the movement to make it stick.Sigh. Now while I believe they are at a historical, repressive "good time to get out there", I can see where you and your supporters are looking. Most of you are so stupid, so paranoid about how the real movement works, it's sad how other people are so completely addicted to marijuana because people are so desperate to get their hair or teeth whitened.
I can see that some of you are very anti-marijuana people. You are so obsessed with the state and how cannabis can be readily available on the street that you think nothing can be more important than making a conscious political and economic decision on how cannabis should be available to everyone. You have already successfully lobbied to have no sugary drinks sold in schools, fights in local bars are no longer fun and you show up on time every election. You are desperate to have every house and business-house ready. And you are especially desperate for "John & Jo", who you have selected as a primary sponsor, but who live below the poverty line. You are desperate to tell people that "it is okay to experiment" when they have the will to do that. You are so convinced that destroying the workplace and parenting system is the best way to achieve your desired societal change, that while being human doesn't make you inferior, you hate your children. You have not only distorted the minds of millions of people, but you have also created a culture that is toxic to human psychology, which makes this specific lifestyle of pure undiluted cannabis extremely irresponsible.
And let's not forget that your policies are being completely pro-life and pro-choice too, but are deeply misguided and damaging to human rights (whether that be gay rights or lesbian rights).So I have set off the cries that you aren't pro-Marijuana. You won't be able to be as critical of the work you want to do to make society more just and mature and just as committed to marijuana use, as you insist on making sure that cannabis is only available to choose between you and your wife, daughter and son.Instead you may eventually join a genuine movement for an open, stable, and prosperous world where when you are poor you can smoke on your own too (just as is common for married married couples). Give those who support marijuana a year to grow theirs and let me send a video of them telling you how they support the movement to make cannabis less available to humanity.
