> This cripplekid- wheelchair jockey, muscular dystrophy patient, whatever you want to call himFirst off, this is a *man* who has gone his entire life never being able to develop substantial muscle mass, and unless science intervenes, he is going to have to spend the rest of his days with his body consuming itself until he dies a painful death. He's a man, a human being, and that's how you should think of him.> is at best completely indifferent to and at worst detrimental to the cause of legalization. You're making a pretty large conclusion based on a little bit of information. This man is going out and getting candidates *on film* stating their opinions specifically on the issue of medical marijuana, for everyone to see. That is incredibly helpful on one front to the case for legalization for medicinal purposes. Any medical marijuana activist can tell you that most conservatives love to sideline the debate on medical marijuana... bringing up the availability of drugs like marinol, the larger "slippery slope" argument of what federal medical marijuana legalization will do ("Uh... we'll then have to legalize marijuana for everybody! Then we'll have to legalize all drugs! Then all of our children will become raging dope addicts!" etc) so in order to cut short that argument before it can even start, I wouldn't be surprised if this man was only saying that to keep the conversation focus on the issue of medicinal legalization in the very short space of time that he had. And given the ambiguity of his statement, who is to say he doesn't feel it should be illegal for children but not consented adults? Have you spoken with him directly?> I certainly would rather see people like him (although not him in particular) be able to use whatever medication they need to relieve their symptoms before I'd like to see legalization. Somebody *may* not agree exactly with you on *part* of marijuana policy, so you think it's okay for them to spend the rest of their life in agonizing pain? Does it not strike you that that sentiment is just as extremist and thoughtless as some of the opinions held by anti-drug activists? You don't know this guy, nor what he's been through, and you do a disservice to everyone in the legalization movement by resorting to disrespectful name-calling of a hurting individual that you disagree with.