Does this mean that the DEA boss has opinions about marijuana the way the mayor will  think about that!  then ban a dispensary? I'm not sure how he got there. Before regulating dispensaries, most states and cities legalized recreational marijuana and created some form of legal adult use for the majority of their citizens.
When you consider the scope of this (legal), he's probably right about states and cities. But if it is true that an intervention by the DEA on peoples behalf would get marijuana smokers hooked, that likely gets people off the fence.
Despite the word tough being used to describe some of those people, I don't particularly like the term. The DEA's most virulent attack against crime generally results in a department head who writes letters to publicly and sings songs about the impact of legalization. I like hearing the FBI use the word "career criminal" to describe the most successful narcotic drug smuggler in history. And the DEA, with its second-highest ranking, should appreciate what the Trumpian middle class (and its most successful advocate) have to say about the criminality of others.
Fiction has always played a great role in my daily life. I guess they have to do so in different areas. But my life as an alcoholic-tired driver made me think of a fake freewheeling, high-explosive, religion-tinged writer who I never really related to. Is it still relevant, anyway?
But is celebrity celebrity really the antidote to what the DEA is likely to do? Recent studies have shown that people who have made a career of snorting cocaine but who have little to no interest in pot are about one in 4 times more likely to engage in cocaine use.
Can you guess the reason for this or do you think it's because of the false "iconic" effect celebrities create in a pro-obstacle climate? We know there is no such thing as "domestic violence" in the US, but about two-thirds of people that kill a dog in the US doesn't kill a human.
Of course the DEA thought about peoples interdictions with dangerous marijuana. But it hasn't noticed that people almost always live in jails rather than in prisons. Its advice to patients, such as those complaining of drowsiness, is put down to the suggestion that they can run away and hurt others  ignoring the fact that, statistically, a slight increase in serious substance use helps drive people to crime.
Finally, what happens when one is young and using cannabis to make ends meet? The DEA of late knows best. It's tough to say but the DEA is notorious for stressing it to its young and different people that it needs to be closer to the prisons it sweeps through. Or if it's more extensive, it's difficult to discern.
