Charlie Wilson may be the last name in America if Willie Nelson is found guilty in a Texas court of a decades-old sexual assault conviction.
Nelson, 71, was accused in 2006 of raping a fan of singer Adele in a hotel room in Las Vegas. The singer discovered her attacker was a female fan at a local Salt Lake City hotel in 2000 and forced her to have sex. Nelson, once considered one of the greatest songwriters of all time, then denied the claims, and a jury convicted him of rape.
Though the sex abuse claims were not proven, Nelson remains on the stand in Austin where the rape allegation is an ongoing prosecution.
Dedicated Christian musician Nelson and wife Vanessa (short for Nichole Davis) have worked to stave off federal prosecution for decades, sharing the stage with some of their country favorites such as Elvis Presley and Willie Nelson and Eddie Roy Orbison. Nelson was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in January 2003.
"I understand and fully support a sexual assault conviction," he said when in court on April 6, 2009. "If there was a crime committed and I am proven innocent of it, then that makes me an untouchable. But even if they would like to convict me, that would only be in the hands of the court. But whether they (the court) believe me or not, I can neither reconcile nor deny the fact that my allegations are true."
Nelson's attorneys contend the singer did not intend to have the woman he had sex with pass away. Nelson is scheduled to stand trial in April.
The trial is one of the most bizarre and controversial elements of the case, as The Texas A&M University System and the Fort Worth Star-Telegram continue to investigate the sexual assault charges.
A spokesperson for Fort Worth-based Baylor College of Art & Design said, "The investigation is ongoing." The school has scheduled an April 2 hearing on the appeal.
This is not the first time prosecutors in Texas have accused Nelson of sexual abuse. The Jackson Family of Texas, which represents Nelson at trial, gave evidence during the initial trial, which was decided by a 9-to-1 margin. The Jackson Family also backed Nelson.
In 2007, the Texas law that created rape justice bars them from prosecuting anyone who is unwilling to testify. But defense attorney Corey Drake told journalists the guidelines held up until now.
"It really, really has to be brought to trial once a defendant is identified by the court, Drake said in the 2013 issue of Texas Lawyer magazine.
The trial could make or break Nelson's career. But his lawyers have had problems getting Nelson to test his innocence.
Tight Riddance
"The government's defense has been little quiet. They've had some talks with Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton. As far as I'm concerned there has been no dialogue and this whole thing was started to be minimized," said Drake.
Nelson's daughter, Lexi, said she is ready to try to prove her father was at least one sexual assault victim in this case.
"I think there's a good chance he will be found guilty, but I have to do what I have to do to prove that," Lexi Nelson said.
The Hagerstown, Maryland-based lawyer said the details of the search could help her eventually prove Nelson was not one of the accusers. But she said she needs to rely on social media to keep her safe. She said she plans to speak with government officials so that they can communicate with potential witnesses.
