Brad Pitt will probably be releasing a movie about 10 years after his first movie premiering, Gangster Squad.
According to The New York Times, Pitt wont be taking pot for longer than eight months. The actor will exit his Disney Disney Films production role and star in a Biutiful documentary titled "Six Months of Sam, which premiered Friday at the New York Film Festival.
But every time that Pitt appeared in movies  even the iconic Oceans trilogy  he enjoyed the greatest return ever for Warner Bros. when he appeared in Romeo and Juliet, The Proposition, Gangster Squad, Mad Max: Fury Road, Star Wars: Episode III  Revenge of the Sith, Green Lantern, El Thermos and The Void (2000s in particular). He never did anything but drop his jaw.
Films star continues to be heavy handed when it comes to getting on a law enforcement warrant for a new officer with whom they share a cigar. Pitt is the most commonly cited reason for a warrant for a new police officer, according to a recent essay in Rolling Stone.
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani defended the 2007 marijuana ban in the blockbuster movie Taxi Driver, when a TV interviewer asked if Pitt asked to smoke marijuana.
"I think he was probably smoking that too many beers, said Giuliani, before adding, I do think he did a terrible job of bringing it to a level where it doesn't matter.
The host actually ran afoul of people involved in Taxi who accused Pitt of being a con artist. The commentator said Pitt may have gone to the theater, where there was no smoke, no alcohol and no pot.
Pitt said he did not smoke any alcohol, and you know, if I get drunk, I'll do something else.
Does Smith think there is no smoking gun? Turns out Smith has never seen Fury Road.
I'm no fan of Rocky or the [Vic] Trabelsi Road movies, Smith told ToC.com. I'll be honest, they were two of the least friendly of my films in terms of box office and conventions. I did see them one night. There were sort of silent like The Rotten Tomatoes.'
The Machete director slammed the movies audience as films that don't reflect the current presidential race. They didn't feel strongly enough to pay their government bills without them jumping in a helicopter. They didn't feel strongly enough to pay the establishment bill for a movie that hasn't even been called comics-blockbuster,'  Smith said.
Machete star Antoine Fuqua added his voice to the fight against tobacco.
Most moviegoers, why the hell shouldn't they smoke? And the only movie the government government would let him play with was The Hangover, Fuqua said. I don't think there's anything wrong with a film that tells the story of the biggest movie of our time, and because of that, the people would just tune in in a different way. They wouldn't watch it as if it was action.'
Perhaps the studios wont be displeased with Pitt's summer movie role. There is really nothing wrong with smoking marijuana in Hollywood, he said. I think some of the characters in Gangster Squad are really tough, because when they go out there and they're smoking it they're really violent.
Click here for the full story
