A North Carolina rancher threw a drug charge out of a case that led police to their chase.
The incident started when Lee County Sheriff's deputies were trying to stop a man for driving a black Jeep Cherokee SUV, authorities said.
What started as a slinging argument turned into a car chase Monday night. Deputies said Lawrence Miller handed over information on a burglary in his company along Interstate 84.
The chase led Miller into Kansas and led to a chase involving other people, vehicles and motorcycles.
The chase ended on Sunday near midnight when deputies were called to Miller's own home, found that the house was not broken into, Sheriff's Department officials said.
Miller was charged with one count of burglary, two counts of possession of marijuana, one count of speeding and one count of reckless driving.
Family, friends and neighbors said Miller is one of the hot suspects in an ongoing investigation of armed robberies at gunpoint.
Miller told officials he had cocaine in his system. He added that he had just burned out so much in the last two years.
Authorities said the pursuit lasted more than an hour and was terminated after a "laborious armed pursuit" involving 20 separate cars and motorcycles.
Officials said some of those involved in the pursuit chased cars.
Maj. Angelo Marcus issued the following statement about the impassive situation:
"In the course of doing this pursuit, Lee County Sheriff's deputies followed the drivers vehicle from Oldsmobile that we all tried to turn and crashed the vehicle into the snow. Law enforcement officers are grateful for their tireless effort to take the suspect vehicle down safely. We also can't wait to see the result of their use in later court proceedings to determine if the suspect will receive a fair trial. We are shocked, disappointed and perplexed at the senseless attack on our family during this very difficult time. We are all extremely concerned and we want our brother's recovery to be all the longer desired and for that he is held in the custody of the county attorney. We ask for prayers and support and wish him well."
Barnett, who provided a statement Monday, said that he also spoke to families.
While everyone is upset about what happened, we cannot do without the assistance of our law enforcement officers. As of now, the driver of the car was released from custody on warrant and is now being led to the Juvenile Detention Center in Kansas.
Miller is being held without bond after his mugshot, the result of his deputies pursuing him, was released Wednesday.