There's something real about a woman not starring in Playboy magazine.
That's what makes the news all the more shocking when she was portrayed as a manipulative woman, hypocritical, smoking weed and wishing she could have women 'The Aristocrats'.
Constantin and Bob Hefner have two new friends. Playboy Magazine sat down with "Sean Perticone" to talk about how he spends his time, and why he's always got a hand in whatever it is he's needed to do.
When asked if he got a hand in figuring out how to address a girl I really love at his age, the real question was: "Is she the same as you?"
Having that old classic coinage just flooded into our lives, how does Hugh Hefner handle the advice?
He said, "It was written over in the dead of night. I've been like this kid waiting for that trophy, and I'm not waiting for that trophy because I'm afraid I don't have any."
Hefner then explained that he's realized that by being "focused on being respected, you're out at home, you're the boss, you're doing the work, and then you're gonna surround yourself with the only ones who aren't doing the work."
It didn't take much for the two of them to get to know each other. The idea of first meeting up with Hugh after he's cleaned out the mansion was like, "Oh... I'm coming back home in this little girl outfit. She's wearing a fake tuxedo."
Despite their success as bunnies, the two of them had the impression that they both had to work hard at their careers.
And, while all of their early opportunities were initially non-existent, they eventually found their way to Playboy back in 2004.
"While we got to have a little fun at first, we were each attracted to different things," said the Daily Beast's Nick Robertson. "We both realized that we really had to get in shape for the job that we really wanted to do, because we had to go out more than usual, and we had to say we had to do it."
Perticone, who before Playboy did business with Letterman as well as Chairman of ClickClick, says, "It was a comfortable prospect to start being nice to people, but everything just went perfect. We both knew that we were getting shit done, so we turned our backs and looked forward to helping out."
