Controversial marijuana legislation moves a step closer to becoming law in the U.S. While marijuana legalization might be legal in three states but not in Georgia, substance-abuse awareness and growing cannabis leads to an increase in the number of victims, according to a report that focuses on young victims of sexual assault.
Critics of the legalization of marijuana are generally opposed to the notion of legalizing it, but they stand with the medical marijuana activists who advocate for medical marijuana.
The first step for legalization is the elimination of the prohibition against recreational use, Sarah Laster-Peterson, vice president of the Fayetteville Health System and former president of the Fayetteville Chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, told XXX. If the president moves too fast, if he becomes law, but finds he doesnt want to, you know, legalize a prescription drug for which he cant  thats a big possibility.
The reason is simple, Laster-Peterson believes: a self-regulating regulatory system. Marijuana is illegal, but other drugs like cocaine and heroin can be sold on the street.
Anyone that does not recognize and appreciate marijuana and is aware of its widespread use and abuse in the United States would no doubt feel particularly bad, she said.
One issue that carries a positive impact is the use of marijuana in a host of ways. Some consider it a medical product.
Peoples attitudes toward marijuana as an experimental drug, do not completely align themselves with the views of most people, Rami Elman, director of the Center for Illicit Drug Addicts and Research at the Henry Ford Clinic in Detroit, told XXX. I know that most people dont like it but to a certain extent, its a response to whats happening with growing cannabis plants. Its the same reason they like marijuana. Marijuana is a gateway drug to so many other substances that are no longer considered to be legal because of increased availability of those substances.
MORE: THC, PETN legal from Georgia
MORE: Kentucky Resident Reportedly Receives Dangerous Note From Marijuana Seller
The article by Scott Paige and Derek Klein of Green Beret seeks to draw attention to the prevalent debate and the growing influence of medical marijuana on young Americans.
The two doctors who wrote the article appeared to indicate that increased alcohol use among teens is leading to increases in sexual assault cases.
The article also discusses other topics, such as mental health and addiction.
We are, however, concerned that with an increase in the number of sexual assaults involving marijuana, young men and women who smoke the drug may be able to lead similar behaviors that may prompt them to report it to their families and the authorities, the authors said.
According to USGS information, the majority of people who consider themselves to be marijuana users are ages 16 to 24. The highest rate of marijuana use among these age groups is found among teenagers. A Boston University study found that those who smoke marijuana associated with a higher risk of suicide.
Researchers worry that marijuana will be disrupted, because in the short term, there is an increased risk of developing a cannabis-induced psychosis by inducing these symptoms.
American College of Physicians president David Begala, who penned the article, says this should not be the first time that marijuana has appeared in an op-ed in the media.
The issue is that there are so many more people with the same symptoms, Begala told FoxNews.com. There is some indication that a buildup of psychosis that occurs is made with large quantities of marijuana.
For the study, the researchers made a number of modifications to cannabis while doing physical examination, according to the article. They examined 80 marijuana plants on the ground and took measurements for their presence at the ground surface.
Theres a lot of science involved in putting that evidence together, Begala explained. If you were to put the data together on a company with a franchise drug such as Novartis, youd say it would take a little over two years to get that kind of detail.
For more tips on getting over addiction, call the National Institute on Drug Abuse at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233).