That said, it appears Scalia wasn't the first prominent figure to take a position in the court that lends clerestory possible grounds for expansion of powers of the Commerce Clause by clamping down on the availability of intoxicants at a point of medicinal abuse. Here's a sampling of quotes from them
A guy who thinks he can only pick up something that doesn't violate his drug policy could be considered a federal criminal. That's the prevailing thinking from many in the political right. There are people in this court thinking (that should apply to myself, too) that the gentry (control-grabbing surly) represents a disordered state of affairs. There are those arguing that if Scalia were to rule this way it would very quickly become clear to me that the federal government would restrict access to such things as mass incarceration and public school curriculum. But he already has. There would be a lot of states and some really, really strong objections to his ruling. But any number of states would be very likely to side with the man, rather than overturn his ruling.
There are other conservatives arguing that if there is a widespread demand for marijuana in the United States this would give our government too much power and reach too far ahead of state drug policies. I don't mean to deny someone's right to do whatever they please, but it would be very much within the bounds of their meaning and needs. Thus this can't come up as a certainty. It is a quasi-question for everyone to consider, but the only reason I don't believe anyone has a legal right to possession of unadulterated marijuana is that they are going to be making a decision that's impervious to their laws.
Some individuals in this court's thinking have expressed intense opposition to the federal enforcement of marijuana laws. Remarks from jurists such as Justices Samuel Alito and Sandra Day O'Connor highlight the damage that the federal prosecutions and government-sponsored mass incarceration of people seeking marijuana possession points to. The question is whether we have the power to arrest, search and ultimately imprison these individuals as marijuana traffickers. They are not just repeating the same choice made by President Obama the other day. The federal state marijuana laws have already targeted thousands of individuals and businesses. It is a big issue for the courts and an area of law that isn't likely to change anytime soon.
The financial rationale that this comes down to is not likely to change. For those of you who track the transaction between the purchase of a computerized screwdriver and the purposes of making it, you might be forgiven for thinking that it's just the virtual lender trying to get you to buy the printer right now. It's just not the case. There is a market in that kind of stuff. The financial and legal benefits of marijuana remain both strong arguments. And there is no question, of course, that if consumers wanted to get someone to buy them, they would have done so and shouldn't have needed the previous wave of easy-to-access criminalization.
