Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus have been spotted getting a lot more private and dressing for parties in recent years than ever before, and this New York party certainly gave them plenty of stage fright.
The teen singer took to Twitter to gush over the attention she's been getting from the paparazzi and her younger sister as she celebrated her 19th birthday on Saturday night.
"Black card day!" she posted on her website, exclaiming. "I don't wanna throw parties anymore because i haven't had the pleasure of a party since I was 12 years old. (Thanks the paparazzi for nothing and a fab birthday party always)."
She even shared a photo of herself having a cuddle with one of her pals at the party, one who she posted a photo of with her 'bell ring.'
"This is SO much better I think than the *cuddle* that you'll get if you turn up the lights," she wrote.
The last time Miley was with a group was in 2008 when she got sent an invite to her boyfriend Liam Hemsworth for some "full" "tortured fun."
So, what surprised her most during the past year?
Miley's relationship with 21-year-old Liam Hemsworth, of Zayn Malik fame.
"Miley really didn't want to celebrate any more," a source told Us Weekly in 2009. "She just had her wedding," the source told us.
(To her surprise, the source said that she did not want to spend one night with her break-up partner and told them to move on.)
Whatever she planned to do in the coming year, the "Come and Get It" singer will have to work hard for it. "I don't think there's really any one way to live in the world with a girlfriend like that. I never really imagined that I would be hanging out with her around now," she told the Style magazine in July.
Cyrus admitted when she was 17 she had $25,000 earrings on her finger and no money to wear. "That was probably the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard," she said. "I thought, 'I'm not paying attention to myself like this. I have more money.' I didn't realize I could make it on a high level."
[image: iheartit]
