Miley Cyrus caused a stir Friday night when she strolled on stage in Amsterdam wearing a cigarette lighter and smoking weed straight from her mouth.
Miley Cyrus wowed the Amsterdam Lesbian Social Club at the Manchester 66th annual gala for the 40th Eurovision Song Contest.
The pop diva, who hosted the iHeartRadio Music Awards in London, kept her glowy face fixed with cigarette smoke and appeared to smoke some of her fellow emcees.
An unidentified woman who appeared at the side of Cyrus when she arrived at the venue confirmed she had been smoking since 5am Friday, according to Gay & Lesbian News. She asked for a photo to reveal she was on a fake cigarette.
Concertgoers were initially taken aback, but an official gave an explosive account, telling reporters that Cyrus looked older than 37 and had "no wrinkles or anything," according to E.W. Scappoose/Scappoose.
The Dutch gay rock band Die Tondra also made an appearance to celebrate the venue.
David Hewitt, the show's promoter, said it was "a shame" that Cyrus performed at the Amsterdam show.
"She's just the most brilliant performer on the planet. She's bringing the light to her audience," Hewitt said.
An e-mailed message posted Friday to Twitpic, the Dutch website for celebrity blogs, indicated that Cyrus might have been promoting the event to everyone.
"Miley Coughing "The most fun part of the night wasn't for her," the message said. "It was actually a guest spot for Jake Gyllenhaal."
An email message from comedian Renee Zellweger also posted to Twitpic said: "[T]hey gave an unconventional and stunning performance to female guests and technology icons and had two breakthrough dance concerts."
The themes of each music show are what Cyrus performed while wearing her famous cigarette lighter, with her lyrics reflecting an edgy lyric that could come across as ironic. She told fans before the show that she wanted to inspire people to use happiness.
"I had a lot of great days. And the world isn't just here to hear it but can we give to people that we love? The genius of Miley Cyrus," wrote former singer and actress Eriq Qqic.
No doubt, that is the advice given to celebrities who set off for the weekend amid the campaign to legalize marijuana. It's become the norm for the country to openly discuss the issue, as the jokes range from raunchy to political.
"I gave 100% advice to all the women I know to join out a political party and rally together," longtime pop star Katy Perry tweeted about a plan for live performances at the Europa Cup on Saturday.
Despite such wacky antics, the public debate over marijuana use has been popular in the Netherlands. A bill passed in the legislature in August outlined a plan to decriminalize marijuana and allow people to bring it to court.
Less heady was Cyrus' new duet, "Wrecking Ball," which stars her dressed in her trademark dark wig as she sings about wasting money. Its lyrics warned that politicians are sending a message that marijuana can be a drug. The musicians are also rumored to be X's Rod Stewart, Ricky Martin and Yoko Ono.
The queen of jingles has also appeared at the gaming competitions that bring together the world's top performers. This year, two famous gamers broke up a week before the show.
The Dutch added over 100,000 people to the PokerStars gaming competitions with more than 3,000 countries to tournament-goers.
Video footage from backstage of Cyrus smoking a "flutter" cigarette appeared Saturday on the Web site Twitch, where she was a link-up point for the online frenzy.
Earlier in the night, Cyrus was as mesmerizing as the contestants when she started singing her hit, "Caught On The Dance Floor," and her voice was dramatic and youthful.
The video posted on YouTube says it shows Cyrus singing, dancing and spitting at the judges and viewers.
