Despite hundreds of competing products and endorsements, cannabis is largely ignored in the retail sales category. Between its growing popularity, and after-the-fact changing  well, its getting harder and harder to find it in more of the deluge of purebred canola and seed varieties.
At least thats the case for medical marijuana advocate Oleta Lau. The Texas doctor and marijuana expert called for a ban on making pot products with blood, sweat, or alcohol in them. Instead, she believes that natural oils that stay in the body for even longer and help with strength, ease pain, and energy levels could be misused for far more harmful uses.
Ive found that when youre being given tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), you can cause pain, isolate different parts of the body and lead to too much damage to other parts of the body and cause you to lose your energy, she told Business Insider. Medical cannabis, Ive actually shown, doesnt do much to help people who need it  thats kind of like a toxicity Im looking at.
Heres how the major international medical marijuana firms in the survey describe the current, and possibly inevitable future, requirement:
Medical marijuana companies and investors increasingly consider cannabis as a relatively untapped prescription drug with very little or no legal restrictions. This means that it is being used to treat those who are becoming dependent on the drug for even longer and have inconsistent and sometimes ill-defined benefits. The task is now pretty much impossible for anyone, and a clear decision about making cannabis a practice is being made without much consideration for medical patients.
If cannabis and medical marijuana companies determine that they need to put a limit on how much it can be grown, and how much it is expected to be cultivated, it is likely that these companies will use less than they do already. This may even save them money.
While Lau says that she is ready to explore other alternatives for medicinal use, such as laser use of marijuana to treat other medical conditions, she offers not only a problem for people who want CBD and cismononic CBD, but also a potentially costly misuse of cannabis for cancer purposes.
A Facebook post on her blog post before Monday says she believes that medical marijuana products are becoming increasingly popular and they dont have to be used to treat diseases. Hemp products could also be used to help with the work of others struggling with pain, or for treatments of many conditions.
Lau hopes that a ban on making synthetic cannabis products does this to get her experience. Earlier this year, at a press conference for her new book, she said that she was doing research to find out whether synthetic cannabis products could help relieve pain and inflammation, and if they could help people without the cannabinoids of the drug.
We asked Lau about some products that she liked, and she said shes examining making those products. If youd like to get your hands on one, you can do so at HempSmile.com.
