Conventional wisdom in the marijuana industry is that it needs to be regulated and expanded.
Sure, offering pot to a high school student might make sense if you find it safe to take your kids out for a smoke and a smoke pot at school, but it is decidedly more palatable for children to take their weed on their own when the stoner is within earshot.
While basic legal medical and recreational medical marijuana products can be found on the street, more than 50 different brands of cannabis have been sold in Europe since 1997. As the worldwide market shifts to pot, smoking legal, not easier marijuana, may be the only way to play!
Groups like the Marijuana Policy Project [MPA] and Greenleaf had a heated debate in Congress over the future of pot in 2011. As the policy fell apart, the Marijuana Policy Project lost their position as one of the political hotbeds of one of Europes largest cities, according to the New York Times. After Congress passed a bill to allow pot cultivation in Ireland, critics contended that it would only increase laws against malpractice that would lead to liability for medical marijuana users.
The thing is, most states have implemented a law to allow federal law enforcement to more broadly evaluate whether pot is legal in both states or depending on whichever legal distillery you choose. The MPA tells us they will try to give more leeway to upstate governors before making legal moves. The legislation would essentially make it harder for marijuana to be passed, but it would come with a condition: this helps states to secure legal, non-marijuana trading permits with their feds.
But legalizing cannabis might not get the support that it deserves in Congress.
The best chance to apply for business cards with a Massachusetts license is to get one from an enforcement agency that states licenses and regulates pot and American licensing of pot.
If the request is denied, US agencies could get the opportunity to replace the agencys existing license system for marijuana with a new one. This new system would allow for more customization for marijuana plants, significantly increasing the likelihood that the dealer is expanding into customers trade places.
If this approach works and all cannabis is legal, some states could also crack down on other kind of marijuana product sales. In Canada, the RCMP is getting ready to move against online marijuana sales and online selling. If all these markets were regulated, there could still be some room for experimentation.
PotLand is an online cannabis retailer focusing on Vancouver, British Columbia. No, it doesnt appear these types of deals are happening in the headlines, but it does seem like a tremendous opportunity for a local business. In the U.S., the Bet Capital business incubator, which was launched in September 2012, has more than $35 million in funding and is aiming to build a national marijuana retail operation in Canada.
