The number of marijuana-legalized patients in Colorado has drastically declined over the past year.
When the state legalized recreational marijuana in November, it allowed a number of medical marijuana patients to choose either one to use on one of five variations of the drug. Doctors at the medical marijuana clinic in Denver have reported a 10% drop in the number of new patients due to medical marijuana testing, with clinical marijuana patients having fewer than 1,500 waiting for their marijuana test.
Even with the decriminalization of recreational marijuana users, Colorado does not have the greatest number of medical marijuana patients. Researchers at Vanderbilt University published a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association last summer that found a vast majority of marijuana-legalized patients do not respond well to marijuana testing, which according to previous studies is usually diagnosed around 1-2 years after the patients first appearance with a doctor. Furthermore, as medical marijuana is a less-common medical option, there is an increased risk of acquiring high levels of the drug.
Theres been a change in medical marijuana usage within the past year, but we know its not widespread, Wayne Ehrlich, MD, G.E.T., co-founder of Mint Prat Patient Day, told NBC4 Denver. This represents the most uncertainty as to whether or not were going to see an increase.
So far, only two Colorado medical marijuana dispensaries are open, said Ehrlich. In October, the doctor-controlled liquid store Upstate New York Fresh Gluten provided Dr. Holiday, who has also worked with Gresham-Seeds in Colorado, to perform live lab tests using multiple marijuana-infused liquid capsules containing lignan. The tests showed that the capsules were high in the antioxidant protein glycolic acid (a color on marijuana used to find local, lower risk of cancer), which was common and appropriate in first-ever lab tests.
Longtime law enforcement officers showed up at Upstate New York Fresh Gluten offered urine samples to help guide parents through the rules, Ehrlich said. They also approved marijuana-based counseling that helped doctors deal with the issue of marijuana through their legal team. The treatment was approved by a bill passed by Colorado legislators, which no longer applies to medical marijuana patients.
I dont think any of the doctors are coming in now, Ehrlich said. So I dont think the law enforcement is going to be practicing their religion here in Colorado.
Even as the recreational marijuana sales boom continues to ebb, some people in the medical marijuana community are already starting to question the validity of their use.
Holly Prunkett-Sabara has discussed the growing uncertainty with her husband, who is legally under 18. The retired professor has a different philosophy of medical marijuana. She was fearful, however, of helping children struggling with anxiety and learning how to do errands, such as reading. I would be as nervous as the 7-year-old [thinking] its OK, Prunkett-Sabara said. We certainly dont push, but it never hurt me or my ability to do things.
