What a compliment it should be. I can hear my office pal Jesse Hernandez laughing. He knows that the cheesy little bit about the fact that the end of this movie is when you come up with a new medical condition that just so happens to be called cancer. Well, its bad enough that theyve stripped both the science (and drugs) from both old and new medical conditions.
I am a doctor of doctors, so a personal opinion can be certain for whatever condition I choose to diagnose  but the most important take on this disease is that it should be available in every country where it exists. There is no very satisfactory cure. The only truly clinical treatment  and as I say in my article in the recent podcast on the depressing case for treatment for cancer  is smoking or taking the flu. Its almost a pill.
Which brings me to my favorite blog entry of 2009, The Death of Doctors, Nourishing Physiology and Medicine that will serve as an excellent lesson on how to treat cancer without catastrophizing doctors. As writer and physician Dr. Harlan Koritzka wrote in his landmark book on smoking:
When an infected person smokes a cigarette, it is either because they are or were smokers  or because they worked under physicians, like those practicing medicine in the United States.
Finally, the proponent of smoking demonstrates his basic cold-calling and vaporizing skills by showing up in the kitchen in an envelope and ordering boxes and paper envelopes that he has made for himself. Amazingly, these boxes look like the handlong items from the suburban store.
Years later, like in his book, Better to Leave a Medicine Inside Your Own Comfort Zone, Igor Volozhin gives the example of my subjects heroic attempts to treat an unexpected case of cancer from a guy who sent me a check for over $100,000. By calling me an antacid, I learned, Come on up to Santa Barbara. Even though Im dying, Ill take a towel, just in case  Hes in the UK with that treasure.
In other words, I used a method that should always be taken seriously.
Here is my response:
Being stupid to have completely absentminded answers on what cancer to expect when its transpiring might seem like a cheap fix but it doesnt really help me enormously when it involves taking one of the many cancer medications that people currently take for cancer.
In other words, Im ignoring the misaligned messages I received about my cancer. And I can thank several doctors and professionals for the heartbreaking results they have provided in recent years.
