Kamala Harris, after she said that pot will give a better life for the LGBT community, is now calling for legalizing marijuana legalization.
President Trump has launched a criminal justice legislation based on medical marijuana, the actress says in a letter published on her Facebook page, and I am writing to call for an end to that criminal justice system for a better life for the rest of us.
Harris is an outspoken opponent of same-sex marriage and gay rights. She has a four-year-old son with her husband, Lee, who she says is going to live under his fathers same-sex marriage at some point in the future  but this has not appeased her.
I was prepared to lead the change in the system, Harris told The New York Times on Friday, noting that legalization would impact public health and improve citizens lives.
Harris noted in her letter that she supports the legalization of marijuana, but the question of legalization could ultimately be a conflict with constitutionally-protected rights.
Medicine has determined that marijuana should be the best solution for health and safety, she wrote. Pursuing, for example, a program to address substance abuse, or legalizing and treating dangerous cigarettes, doctors can come to a different conclusion.
Although most countries around the world give similar legalization measures to marijuana, the issue of recognizing transgender persons, including President Trump, is currently under consideration.
In her letter, Harris seeks to clarify legal arguments.
Medical marijuana is a medical substance which can help treat, cure, reduce, eliminate, or prevent cancer, heart disease, AIDS, cancer, diabetes, AIDS, and most importantly, reduce the many social and environmental harms of the substance, she wrote. My motivation is to fulfill my constitutional promise to be recognized as the person who can provide for people with debilitating illnesses.
U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney wrote an open letter of support for President Trump in August, declaring this isnt war on any one demographic or any one nation, but over 5 million American families where countless lives have been touched by drugs and violence.
