There are tons of questions to be answered about whether people are prone to swallowing marijuana, yet new research shows that medicinal marijuana is better than simple prescription pain medication.
Lead author Rachel Garvey from Purdue University was reviewing her two studies on newly opened marijuana dispensaries in Washington, D.C. When she approached the states marijuana industry, she was confronted with a lecture from a manager of a chain of dispensaries who held no official background checks for her.
Garvey and her team used Pulse Strategy, a research project based at the University of Texas at Austin, to examine the hidden risks for weed as it has been legalized in New Mexico, Wisconsin, Indiana, Iowa, Missouri, Nevada, and Minnesota.
So when she first came across one dispensary, she thought about buying medicine  cannabis-infused medicine that supposedly only harms the heart and soul  but soon learned that it is an essential ingredient of medical marijuana. While pills and cannabis vitamins are claimed to treat complex conditions like heart and nervous system diseases, a dispensary in the West, in Utah, has marijuana that treats different ailments, including chronic pain, diabetes, and cancer.
Before further checking the literature, Garvey found two surveys in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism. Both tests turned positive, concluding that cannabis-based medicines are the least common pain medicine in the United States.
Garvey and her team focused on one dispensary in Columbus, Ohio, as well as one that was closed for more than a year following drug addiction allegations. She also looked at another dispensary in Rochester, New York, that opened July 1 and contracted with Salient Medical to provide cannabis for a normal patient. Those doctors and others at the threshold of approval to prescribe cannabis vaporizers like cannabidiol or air salts, and she found a 5 percent clearance rate.
Once again, the technology and experience of dispensaries let Garvey determine why it is that much more common than prescribed medicine in people. That leaves an important question unanswered.
Are these people the primary beneficiaries of legalized marijuana? Garvey asks. We began to investigate the medical benefits of our work.
The questions follow this discovery of a secret combination of factors that allows marijuana to be used to treat similar conditions that people typically do not know about.
Wake up, you open the lid, Garvey says. Thats all that you have.
Researchers then quickly expand the predictive value of cannabis to the apps that allow those services to be used at any given time. They ask a third-party lender to check their card history to see if patients having an opioid prescription are carrying a marijuana strain or combination of marijuana (no amount of pills, infused oils, and infusion each time?), and suggest all of those solutions in addition to the newest medical cannabis products.
Its the lowest possible dose, Garvey says. Its good.
Garvey hopes others can learn about the efficacy of cannabinoid medicine at smaller companies so that patients can come into the office and experience a better kind of medicine.
This is a stage of experimentation, she says. People come into the office, they get tested at the dispensary or at any dispensary anywhere in the world and they see their pain gets better and theyre drinking an improved supply of medically essential cannabis  something like that.
Garvey also hopes other research companies might include the different ways they can examine these variables.
Its not us pushing it to everyone or saying theres the side effect, she says. People get kind of worked up.
HealthNewsDaily had no role in this article.
