Federal prosecutors have launched a new anti-drug initiative this week called the Stop and Frisk program in five Washington, D.C. cities: cities with no zoning limits for outdoor recreational activities, the District, Yorktown, Matadors, and Kasold.
The district plans to use stop-and-frisk tactics to curb youth drug crimes, but it has focused efforts in other cities since 2011. After the decline of heroin and prescription drug abuse, efforts in cities dealing with drug offenses have started to improve, said spokesman Tad Waite in an email.
Nine new districts have been chosen to participate in the new initiative, including Washington. The district includes Arlington, Northern District, and Stuyvesant Town, while all 10 cities will be joined by all others.
Its kind of a coordinated effort that mirrors what cities have done in other regions, said Sarah Bajarin, a spokeswoman for the Districts Attorney Generals Office. The objective of the Stop and Frisk program is to disrupt violent drug offenses in the District.
The District also made the decision to hire civilians in various agencies to run the program, such as the Law Enforcement Preparedness Center and the Sexual Assault Task Force.
The program will be started by hiring civilians, including the more experienced investigators and supporting staff. Unlike in other cities where cops only recruit civilians, we were not interested in coaching and training them, so we simply recruited civilians that did not have the experience, Bajarin said. Ultimately, this is a collective effort among law enforcement agencies to improve the quality of life for our citizens.
The program was designed and coordinated by the Police Protective League of Americas Stop and Frisk Task Force, a collaborative-organization group of D.C. police officers, law enforcement public safety officials, and young people involved in police operations across the United States. The police and other community organizations have worked together for years to fight drug-related crime, and for years hosted community presentations on the subject.
Dave Babcock, founder of the D.C. Police Protective League and a former police administrator, said he believes a lot of work has gone into policing upstate and in D.C. compared to state legislatures in Alabama, Connecticut, Michigan, Illinois, and Vermont, where the overwhelming majority of arrests involve youth, including young boys and girls. Babcock believes in a cant live without this approach. Its a (no-loops) strategy to disrupt drug activity, he said. It is not the beginning of the end.
In the meantime, local governments are working together to hold and commission random drug sweeps across the country. On July 1, Kentucky Deputy Chief of Police Richard Kannt took his Stop and Frisk campaign to Ohio. Early tracking showed a 55 percent increase in people reporting to police that they were arrested for domestic violence and forced to stay inside their homes, according to the FBI.
Photo courtesy of Washington Metropolitan Police Department.
