at 5:42 PM VERMONT Governor vetoes bill tolegalize marijuana Gov. Phil Scott (R) on Wednesday vetoed a bill that would have made Vermont the ninth state to legalize recreational marijuana but indicated that he was willing to work with the legislature on a compromise. Scott said he was sending the bill back with suggestions for another path forward and called for changes to be made to the proposal, such as more aggressive penalties for smoking pot while driving or in the presence of children. "We must get this right," said Scott, who is hoping that the legislature can make the fixes during a veto session in late June. Scott has said he's not philosophically opposed to marijuana legalization but has concerns about public safety, children's health and how to measure impaired drivers. Under the legislation, small amounts of marijuana would have been legal to possess and grow for anyone over age 21. Eight other states, plus the District of Columbia, have legalized recreational marijuana. Vermont would have been the first state to legalize marijuana by vote of a state legislative body. The other states and the District legalized marijuana after public referendums. Associated Press OKLAHOMA 1 dead after stolen truck is crashed The driver of a stolen utility truck crashed through a fence at a Tulsa airport and into oncoming freeway traffic, where it plowed head-on into a car and killed one person early Wednesday, according to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol. Troopers said the driver later abandoned the vehicle and ran off. Officers were still searching for him Wednesday afternoon. A trooper chasing the stolen vehicle on Tulsa International Airport property saw it barreling toward a parked private jet, Highway Patrolman Dwight Durant said. Worried there were passengers on the jet, the trooper tried to ram the truck, even though the truck weighed about two to three times as much as his cruiser, Durant said. The maneuver diverted the truck away from the plane. The truck then crossed over a runway twice during the pursuit and burst through a fence onto nearby U.S. 75. Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins said the truck came near a parked Gulfstream jet that had one person aboard but wasn't preparing to take off. Associated Press KANSAS Court says man didn't violate federal gun law An appeals court said that someone convicted of a misdemeanor domestic battery under a city ordinance can legally have a gun. The ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver could have broader implications for gun sales. The court on Tuesday threw out the case of a Kansas man who was convicted of violating a federal law that prohibits someone who has been convicted of domestic violence "under federal, state or tribal law" from owning a gun. Alexander Pauler had been convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence under a Wichita ordinance. The appeals court found that the federal gun law doesn't apply to such municipal ordinances. Associated Press Reynolds sworn in as Iowa's first female governor: Kim Reynolds (R) was sworn in as Iowa's governor Wednesday, becoming the state's first woman to hold the job after taking over for Gov. Terry Branstad the same day he was sworn in as the U.S. ambassador to China. Reynolds, 57, was Branstad's lieutenant governor. Associated Press