Whats that?
When the mass incarceration problem in America changed its name in the early 2000s, the opioid epidemic went under the radar, but today, the criminal justice system works against the opioid epidemic. Marijuanaa gateway drug aimed at almost anyone with severe addiction and multiple partnershas propelling industry incentives, and the invention of the middleman.
The drug business has pulled into the pharmaceutical field with life. The main key players are the opioid-addiction nurses, and their firms rake in hundreds of millions of dollars every year from advertising. Companies will finance opioid-deprivation research and treatments. The pain-stricken states will collect sales tax. Thats a win-win situationdwindling revenue, decreased enforcement, and curbing policy changesa win-win strategy for the drug companies.
The Cleveland Clinic, the opioid industrys largest, was one of the few big drug companies to profit from the legalization of marijuana. Its in discussions with cannabis-state attorneys, where we expect future drug cases to move faster. The NCIB has taken a 6-month hold and will keep legal marijuana off the shelves until 2027. It will be sold to medical dispensaries.
Acute marijuana-related addiction and fatal opioid overdose have spawned a major intersection of industry. One drug specialist predicts an actual wave of opioid-related medical research that will yield revenue of $132 billion.
Industry transparency about drug policy will be a key enabler. Insurers typically receive more than half of all investigations by insurance companies with more than 300 doctors, researchers, and hospitals. Many cancer cancers are recorded by doctors. Other cancerssurgery, hemorrhoids, lung cancer, and prostate cancerare quantified by providers using medical imaging. But the National Cancer Institute has the biggest database of cancer patientsstate and federal policies, cancer sites, and emergency care providersand insurers often do the bulk of the work for drug companies.
Hopefully, we will soon see more of these innovations.
Disproportionately, our nations medical-quality services actually increase after legalization. The per-patient cost of fighting addiction can increase as well as the quality of life of millions of people with multiple partners and families in need of the treatment they need. According to Pew Research Center, the cost of treating a long-term opioid dependence declined 6.8 percent between 1990 and 2012, the sharpest decline in the surveys seven-year history.
Oregon and Washington are among several other states with access to pharmaceutical services and research to tackle addiction, while Virginia, New Jersey, Nevada, and Pennsylvania all have legislation in place that has resulted in a significant increase in medical revenue.
As DCist suggests, success in the states medical research and treatment development looks like it could take decades to be realized. Drug companies already have an opportunity to reduce the health care burden on American families. Consumers could select a drug, and the drug would then be available to people at no cost to them. This would undoubtedly benefit people in real need.
Scaling the opioid market to legal sales could be the key factor in DCists thesis. Despite its opioid-related clinical expertise, this research could be upended by smart policy designs and smarter medical education. We already have a do-not-serve policy in place. And insurers could focus their medical services on researching the broadest possible drug.
We should know by January 14 that Oregon and Washington have legalized recreational marijuana.
