If a sex abuse lawsuit is one way the First Amendment prevents employers from granting religious aid to workers or their families, guess what? That violates other federal laws, too.
What's happened to religious freedom?
Same old, same old.
Last week, New York judge Ann Levine threw out a lawsuit brought by two religious people claiming that at least some members of the church group that founded the sect did not deserve church assistance in its investigation of whether the sect inappropriately obtained confessions by having sex with underage boys.
Last year, Levine set aside a $40,000 fine imposed by the city to fight the case, which the Justice Department dismissed as baseless. In a brief judgment, Levine ruled that at least two leaders of the church group, Craig Block and Hall Williams, know that they have the right to access church funds.
Levine said neither Block nor Williams are in violation of the federal restriction on church income. Block, a Bush appointee, has applied his First Amendment rights to obtain special housing for eight of his 14 teenage children. Williams, a mortgage salesman, has not.
So what about the thousands of church people who have adopted the belief that church leaders had coerced at least one underage child into having sex with adults other than their own? A recent Associated Press article concluded that "[t]he sort of squatty church has just the opposite of immunity for what it did."
Three years ago, when California lawmakers removed marijuana and booze from prescription medicines and allowed most pharmacists to prescribe them, 99 of the state's 89 doctors accepted leniency on the part of cannabis and alcohol-withdrawal doctors.
Under federal law, courts have the power to make nondiscrimination accommodations to defendants for allegations of church abuse. But the judiciary argues that both the federal and state governments should equally act to try to assure the religious exemption is denied to either church or nondiscrimination victims.
Well, in other words, with the exception of having arrestees present in court, the courts have the power to deny state agencies access to court records, they say.
United Methodist Church leaders believe that the church has a right to strip hospitals and the nation's only public health agency of its impartiality. Their claims, which originally were denied at the state level, have been at the forefront of national debate, with more than 4,000 members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints doing so over the past 20 years.
In a letter recently to the Washington Post, led by lawyer Paul A. Sutton of Sol E. Sutton & Co., the decision in Levine's 2-week trial found that the government had no remedy to keep patients off the pill or off marijuana, including three state hospitals that do not maintain psychiatric wards.
"No case has ever been made that the court has any discretion at all to impose any injunctions or sanctions on a private enterprise as to the rights and wrongs of that business," Sutton wrote.
What kind of protection do the courts have to a religion? They're coming up with their own. Judge Levine seems to agree. A few weeks ago, Levine ruled that nobody should be discriminated against for speaking out in the legal fight against religious discrimination. Then, last fall, she admitted that the nation's chief government agency had contemptuously allowed the resignation of its next chief executive.
If Judge Levine were to roll over for the federal government, "it would appear to me that the war on religion was totally on the mind of the federal government," says Alan Morissette, a professor of constitutional law at George Washington University.
Morissette makes the same argument about the government's ability to muzzle religious freedom. "There is no justification for for the federal government to even have an interest in attacking a publicly funded organization," he says. "Nobody at the federal level in government will care about that."
