Colorados largest marijuana market has exploded in recent months.
Sales of marijuana rose 16 percent in 2012 from a low base of $6 million a year ago, according to The Greeley Tribune. Residents of the Aurora Cannabis and Cannabidiol operations started sprouting buds and buds again in their communities April 5.
Now the quality of cannabis grown on farms and recreational use on legal marijuana sites is booming. Denvers public air is nearly full, and about 100,000 pounds of weed was harvested from the marijuana grow site a day later.
Its huge, a federal prosecutor said.
Farmers and their clients like Silva Rodriguez  a dispensary owner from Denver  have long viewed Colorados growing cannabis industry as the next frontier for their industry. Rodriguez, who has run mules since he purchased Qangrobamadox, said his wholesale distributors have had an easy way to apply the growing necessity of marijuana, which is plentiful and cheaper than the publics need to use small medical units and $30 marijuana lighters to grow a leaf crop.
That his growers and growers here are mostly college students, with a herd of older college graduates in their early 20s, has kept him coming back. Its a perfect example of growing an industry, he said.
Patrick Kaleta, president of Aurora Cannabis, said he expects legal marijuana sales to reach $4 billion by 2019, a 9 percent increase from 2012.
Colorado is going to be the biggest grower. And thats going to drive the entire state market, he said.
Natalie Brooks, vice president of health in Boulder, Colorado, said that the amount of up-to-date state and federal laws has led to the sale of more cigarettes for people who like to smoke.
MedSurg Industries, a local supplier of industrial pot and low-in-the-middle pot, saw about 20 percent of its sales a year ago. That made it one of the fastest growing companies nationwide, he said. MedSurg has 30 employees and products, from flushes to edibles.
Dr. Thomas Brunick, a past president of Colorados Healthcare Association and an expert on so-called regulatory issues, said federal laws called For You Americans, which have started a campaign against health marijuana companies, have pushed marijuana out of medical use.
This, he said, led to a decline in medical use by many people but not patients.
As a medical patient in the state, were concerned with our own interest and sometimes fight, he said.
The industry has even entered the business of recreational marijuana, reporting big returns for annual sales last year, according to a newly released study. Nearly half of the marijuana growth came from Colorado dispensaries, compared with just 13 percent nationwide.
Falling medical prices have helped encourage more people to use marijuana and boost supply. Meanwhile, estimates say adults are doing so at a healthier rate than in the past. Experts estimate there are 382,000 marijuana users in Colorado now, mostly teenagers and medical marijuana users.
Adams Countys MedSurg was the epicenter for growth. Almost 80 percent of its cannabis grows came from local growers, Mark Slubecki, vice president, said. He recalled winning an after-school lottery for the towns oldest daughter. Were fast-growing, he said.
Collaboration is a key. The biggest group of marijuana growers (in Colorado) is the junior members, said Hooman Saong, a drug law attorney in Denver. They understand that were one of the largest.
Related Coverage 20 Years Ago: A Look Back at the Growing History of Colorados Marijuana industry
Other Denver-area companies are thriving. We have this amazing opportunity, said Niango Bell, a subsidiary of Denver-based MidTower Inc.
But many feel a duty to shoulder more responsibility for marijuana production and distribution. Its about a business that allows a business to grow and get the cultivation and distribution done right, de Haas, founder of Rural Cannabis Partners, said.
Growing a marijuana plant requires customers to take a paid-up birth certificate, self-report their medical conditions, maintain a full license to produce and grow, and pass a grievance process with the state. There are so many regulations in place, Niango Bell said.
