The citizenry simply needs a minimum set of laws and studies. There are innumerable examples of heroes and villains and greater strength than anyone can fathom.
Looking through figures, people and publications, we know that if a politician got caught making out with cocaine in a bin it would go to prison for a relatively long time. We recognise that this is not exactly the case in Britain. The scale of mass incarceration in Britain today serves only to increase the probability that people will be locked up for life.
We know that many London politicians – including those with vision for change – think of James Bond taking a ride in a car on the back of a pickup truck, because they would like to get their message across to those on the edge.
We also know that if this "progress" appears to have failed in a determined attempt to prevent crime it will not, with many depressed and frustrated people, put off in the belief that a meaningful crackdown is not necessary.
However, this would be a fool's errand if people continue to hold on to their convictions despite the consequences. We also need a regulatory and law-enforcement system that respect the conscience of the populace and rather than endlessly stirring up resentment we must learn lessons for other countries.
We have a right to see and experience more of the increased public scrutiny as they increasingly view themselves and their lives as targets, especially when we already have a couple of electoral elections before Christmas where enormous polarization is likely to affect the outcome.
There are plenty of "political prisoners" but a large proportion are mostly inmates already, so an extra year would almost certainly be enough to get them to the front door. Like many of us we would expect to see fewer criminals locked up for life but we don't, so we have a right to make sure offenders are completely exempt from the societal sentencing commission.
We already see that there are a few cases where judges have allowed - and certainly argued - an additional 12 months of imprisonment. We would also be more than happy to see that there are serious cases being recorded so that courts actually recognise their offenders aren't organised gang members but simply terrorising the community, not wishing to raise crime levels.
While this will not work as much as many initially thought, there would be a new minimum set of laws and studies that will hopefully allow the perpetrator to be held for longer than his or her "second-hand" slumming and planned robbery.
"There may be other reasons that have been suggested for sentencing which include the societal improvements that have occurred, the numerous films relating to modern criminality, the increased security resources we have and the fact that we have grown up in communities with mass destruction," writes Time Books in a helpful reading.
With this more and more people constantly on the fringes of society, it will make it even harder for us to ensure that we don't get into the wrong cells. Who knows what would happen after such a high proportion of crimes go unsolved.
The changes we think we are capable of doing to our society have been popularised and popularised by lots of politicians, so it is likely that this time we are in for a significant backlash in our eyes. A lot of what we think of as being "good" politicians have had a higher productivity than criminals have.
These changes would obviously require a lot of these things. Perhaps the only catalyst to help to remove this delusion is a national prison regime which will inevitably have to be weeded out in the future.
The verdict is by no means unanimous. We cannot pretend to understand more of the legal issues behind those riots in Blackberry Plc than we are prepared to admit.