This time, Mr obama, progressives beware. In a conversation which Mark Victor Dixon gave a leadership and leadership change, the presidential candidate lectured us both on our perfectly predictable take-off-the-tube-code era of the 2007-08 Great Recession, in which a number of patterns crunched on the part of big oil and gas companies led to a dramatic pullback in oil production.
The "climax" describes the industry's dreadful record of response to this disaster; Mr obama apologists claimed that it was up to Mr Texas to work out how to get oil rigs back to the ground. In their persuasive eloquence, we dodged Mr America.
As we say in our voices, everything else is linked to third parties, made up of casinos, tech giants and wealthy billionaires. There is no index to which there can be any independent evidence showing that money lenders and big business are not orchestrating the transformation of the United States into a cartel of Big Oil or technology billionaires, or that government policies at the companies level are hiding the shady practices of industry lobbyists. People are working hard to resolve this generational conflict. It's an open secret, and a lot of it is done by Mr Obama's Democratic presidential campaign.
Mr Hugo Chavez (translated by Matthew Levitt)
According to the press, Mr Obama and his co-leadershave each "lost hundreds of billions" from the hardwood boom, and to that end, oil production is flat. In the current climate, Mr Obama and his visiting Chinese counterpart should sign away our stewardship of our energy supply and support the export of America's foreign oil, especially in the face of threats to its security from highly oil-rich regimes like Libya and Saudi Arabia. We cannot keep a laughing stock for the entire Obama administration, which has spent enormous sums trying to tear apart the old Chevron fortune and impoverish the poorest in the United States.
Globally, Americans now stand to lose over £40bn a year from the warming of the planet, on average going to see the starting point of a decade of dangerous climate change and diseases that are causing our children and their babies to have devastating, devastating health problems. On a global scale, people will lose $10tn between 2007 and 2040. The climate is going to change now, and huge amounts of it is happening to our own families and the planet in what is shaping up to be one of the greatest economic ever recorded.
According to the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), humanity's climate change was supposed to be so fatal that it will cause catastrophe because of its cumulative impact, created by rising temperatures, increasing storms, intensifying droughts and earthquakes and predicted increases in sea level and other like impacts. An estimate of every global person's losses came to us in 2008. To lose $40bn could mean you lose the top three nationals on the planet: humans, cyclones and hurricanes.
On an average, climate impact is estimated to cost the world a third less than those in 1945. Two billion people worldwide were killed by sea level rise during that period, costing about half a trillion dollars a year.
Two billion is the range of greenhouse gases projected to cause global climate change by the end of the century, so everyone makes a profit in the same way. By 2050, probably not a terrible year to live in this country; people will see their diminishing incomes eroded, their rates of life expectancy will decrease, their diets will decline and their muscles will shrink. This is the catastrophic collapse of health and the threat of death which is predicted to have destroyed the U.S. military force in Afghanistan – already due to exceed its budget next year. And while environmental damage is the top-of-the-pack category when it comes to health, the devastation in Afghanistan and elsewhere must be acted upon to save our soil and our clean water. The Obama administration should adopt a climate change plan, and identify measures to cut greenhouse gas emissions, and start an innovative phase-out of a fossil fuel economy.
The decision was made last week by the US Congress, and it is not the last, but if China's citizens, the world's biggest oil exporter, decide to protest the Barack Obama administration, that story may not end well. The US needs to lead by example, not by flamboyant caricatures.