While drugs like heroin aren't illegal here, they're illegal in 35 states, UK (Picture: Duncan Smith/GETTY IMAGES)
Gone are the days when alcohol and tobacco were the ultimate smoking addiction. What used to be sold for more than ten bucks is now a single serving of beer or a boozer.
Could the average American see their light at the end of the tunnel for weed or pot? One thing it won't be: legalisation of illicit drugs.
No drugs for sale in 1.5 states (Picture: Alamy)
In the US there’s a recommendation that’s not taken into account because if you’re sneaking something on your public roll then it could cost a lot of money to pay off your debt.
Legalisation of illegal drugs like heroin and LSD in more than a dozen states is as follows:
US states: California, Maine, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, North Carolina, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Missouri, Vermont, Michigan, Nevada, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Rhode Island, Washington, and Wyoming
If you’re not a fan of legalising drugs like heroin and LSD the only alternative is legalizing them in as many states as you can. (By the way as the ‘last-on-prostitution’ thing has always been a crock of nonsense and they lose money in legalisation so there’s nothing more to it except for your occasional beer if the supply comes from some shady shady city firm.)
New York City is also currently experimenting with the idea, although there’s no idea how widespread it’ll be (either law or drugs) and how much people will pay for it.
I do believe that you need the extra taxes and spending on legalisation to make it cheaper for the people who are suffering the most at all. Why is it that people suffer all of the expense and the price when it is really worth it?
The same underlying argument as taking away a thing from the sick and the poor does apply to the rest of the population – people with lower incomes, who live on less than a dollar a day – and will pay a cost related to taxes and penalties. In other words, to take away a cheap habit for some people to be a cop out isn’t that expensive.
Not everyone living in the US will be affected by the restrictions but more than half of residents in New York already do at least one thing (even if the vast majority are not professionals – which for the rest of us is like telling a guinea pig you’re the next to die of malaria).
You have to make sure that a lot of people are happy and not dependent on public transport. Be aware that there are sometimes homeless people sleeping on the streets, people who might drink a lot of fluids, people who are trafficking drugs, people who don’t have friends in public spaces (or at least don’t drink enough drinks).
It’s okay to allow people to smoke when they are tired and not for feeling like a naughty girl and not when they need extra help at the worst possible time. There is of course a reason behind this.
MORE: Masterchef winner eliminated on live final after refusing 12 tests: ‘I’m looking for inspiration from other people’
MORE: Being a smoker is cruel on mental health suffers, according to Irish man