Whether you think Romney received the skateboard bag or that bushy-browed Forties white guy right here, theres no dispute about something: Mitt Romney deserves to be a champion for a cure to medical marijuana use.
And I mean really, for what its worth.
In yesterdays televised debates, Romney defended the policies of the Tax Foundation, a group founded by George W. Bushs son George W. Bush Sr. and his family, which runs a drug policy think tank called the Tax Foundation.
Of course, Romney completely rejected the Tax Foundations approach, calling it an effort to curry favor with Democrats by promoting the skateboard bag philosophy, and stating that Romney personally recommended it.
Romney himself also questioned Tax Foundation research, saying that Romney himself didnt believe the only way to succeed is through regulation or oversight. It didnt stop with the tax Foundation. Romney actually called it an effort to foster access to illegal drugs, and argued that regulating the drug industry would serve as an environmental safeguard.
Regardless, Romney, who wears a skaters bag, had about the most interesting laugh about the Tax Foundations commercial for Romney Nutrition.
"Let me tell you, I can't imagine not running for president any longer, Romney said to the applause of the crowd. He went on to say that the current regulations are irrelevant. But the reality is that if Romney wants to be president, he can still get the people with a medical marijuana card.
Founded by George W. Bush and his family in the 1970s, the Tax Foundation operates like a lobbying organization, but focused on the environment, and Romney said that he believes that regulation is actually less harmful than the removal of burdens on businesses.
There are certain things that are better than nothing, Romney said. But the Bid Budgets thats right now in effect arethey are not appropriate, Romney said.
Except, of course, for the Tax Foundations stance.
And yes, the Tax Foundation is interested in a cure.
