This picture of her husband having kids earlier this year has the hashtag #metoofighting.
Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner took a hard line this week against child-support payment, declaring this week that she cannot grant a single check she needs for six months to support her toddler son.
The Chronicle reports that Turners office approached Matt Godfrey, the son of Houston police officers, in 2011 and gave him a $38,000 payment check, but refused to give him any compensation.
Godfrey said his concerns were far-fetched.
I didnt even know I had a son, and my son is nine months and four years old, Godfrey said. I dont have anywhere to go. Im either going to pick him up or leave him.
The Houston Tribune reports:
Godfrey then contacted the Houston-based attorney representing Ted Evans, the unlicensed real estate developer and marijuana grower who filed an injunction seeking to stop legal efforts by city officials to stop the city from paying temporary child support payments. To make the request, Evans worked with the state Department of Human Services. The city has not paid for almost two years, and attorneys are actively seeking to get Evans to pay the remainder. Evans thinks it is costing him tens of thousands of dollars. He argues that in the Houston case, Texas law already protects, and not limited to, child support payments to family members. Theres little standard of proof as to why it should be that way, Evans said. If Im getting $38,000 from the city, the city will just pay for it.
Residents of Houston are keeping a keen eye on the long process of legalizing pot:
The charge that cities can block child support payments to older people because the state cannot afford to keep buying them has been overturned in recent weeks after a Supreme Court ruling. The ruling was based primarily on a constitutional argument that cities are constitutionally protected from seeking to withhold the existence of funds for children. But in a potential shift, a federal court ruled that cities cannot block child support payments to those using property to pay for the living costs of children born to parents who have used property to obtain child support in the past. (A second ruling sided with the lower court and resulted in a $115.5 million settlement.)
The case came up again Wednesday, and was dealt with by a federal judge. The case will be heard later this month in Corpus Christi, Texas.
