You can buy any marijuana plant, in whatever case, for a high price. Were not telling you that, as everyone is now sold in their minds, in any way, and likely will become an obvious aphrodisiac in the weeks and months ahead, but you can be certain that none of us are going to be fully informed about what were getting into just because of time and cost.
Remember: It takes time and effort to sell an ounce of any marijuana plant, though its never too late to get out for yourself, and that makes the convenience of the products and the utility of the supply that much more intoxicating.
The issue of medical marijuana has been gaining momentum for years, and the impact it could have on other consumers, but until recently, there has been no health insurer or other provider discussing the nuances of how they covered medical marijuana in their plans and implementation, or how that policy was enforced or if they had to have it.
Right now, theyre depending on government bureaucracies to pass bills for regulations that will effectively make it the consumers responsibility to comply with federal rules to cover marijuana sales (presumably with government guidance), and if they dont, states will have to regulate or establish medical marijuana as legal even though its already legal.
Because of that, legal marijuana or not, there is a new and growing interest in cannabis, along with a growing number of Americans and the regulatory agencies that regulate and use it. We all know the regulatory track record when it comes to pot and we know that the U.S. is going to try very hard to find drug regulators that work to fully regulate marijuana and thus to the extent it is set up to operate at FDA standards.
So what does it matter what we say?
Nothing. Nothing except entertainment. I believe marijuana can be classified as a prescribed drug and should be controlled by elected officials, but I cant help but understand the consequences of such an assumption. It is not a legal drug and it is still very much in a bunch of pot strains, but legally issued to people upon the recommendation of doctors and state authorities.
What is so detrimental about legalization is how clearly politicians explain their programs, their statements, and their systems, when theyre not true.
In a legislative framework, dispensaries are subject to state law, and adults are allowed to grow their own marijuana plants, but pot plants are regulated through a state-mandated program, which comes into effect in November. Enforcement is and has been fairly clear, so a person can grow his own marijuana plant and then not be able to come into an agent and need a permit from him to grow it.
Thats not the case with medical marijuana. There is no path, nor a tax-free market, to producing medical marijuana. There is no national supply. There is no sales tax or a tax credit for healthy usage. There are no licensing requirements.
I believe the campaign against marijuana is over. I understand that because the Drug Enforcement Administration has the jurisdiction over its respective federal agencies, the Food and Drug Administration cant hire another agency to enforce its own policies. But in the end, Congress can get the Congress right because in the Constitution, it is a federal authority.
Sure, a broad, long-term marijuana legalization strategy could work, but the nature of this strategy, and its costs and even its enormous potential downsides, have long been debated by the public.
Right now the biggest question facing the medical and consumer community is how to best ensure that the last possession of the 15 plants delivered to the patient when he or she presents with their marijuana, not only can marijuana sales comply with federal laws, but after paying their own taxes. Whats next? Weed law reform or the One Percent Rule thing?
Of course, those who vote on Tuesday will be guided by state law and what they perceive to be the needs of those still taking care of themselves.
This is the time to go to the polls.
loyd.ciaderer@washpost.com
