Rosie, California, in 1978 the founders of the Marijuana Policy Project left an imprint of its name on the constitutional book industry in the name of something other than marijuana. And no wonder theyve generated big buzz lately.
The California College of Liberal Arts and Sciences has launched an anti-smoking institute. Chief among its aims is to accurately define marijuana as anything that includes marijuana, according to a recent news story from the Arizona Daily Star.
While the article called out the colleges backing for Amendment 1, Californias constitution has both a vague ban on smoking recreationally and a constitutional guarantee of legal marijuana, as well as a challenge to Proposition 64, which allowed for some of the biggest single-marijuana businesses in the country.
The lawsuit arguing against Amendment 3 alleges that Amendment One harms recreational marijuana use and reduces the quality of legitimate cannabis production. If Amendment 3 passed, Amendment 3 would allow no smoking and students would still be forced to cover marijuana exposure.
The University of California and other universities have been one of the few bastions of voter support for a legalization issuethough some others have downplayed the issue, and critics have suggested that Amendment 3 is still too close to be wrapped up in the haggard antics of non-marijuana businesses like Live Nation.
The editorial in the February 2013 issue of the California Institute of Medicine, published to coincide with a college board vote on Amendment 3, said that Amendment 3 would not safeguard medical marijuana at all. Prop. 64s limitations would not shield legal pot sellers from future federal regulation, the editorial said. (If the measure passes, it would become the first medical cannabis measure to be approved in the US.)
While its unclear whether the California College of Liberal Arts plan will soon be legalized in California, its unclear whether the medical marijuana movementwhich has predicted economic benefits to marijuana businesses and especially to local communitieswill come into play. (Some say that its unlikely that some medical marijuana shops will exist, in part because their owners live in government-sponsored drug think tanks.)
Well be updated to see if the college is successful in attempting to create a legal marijuana industry in California.
