California voters have ended the scourge of some people with impaired driving. (AP Photo/Pete Souza)
A new measure in the states voter-approved legislature will legalize marijuana and provide more states with access to medical marijuana, all as part of a larger effort to fight public health threats to the survival of the drug in the rest of the country.
Citing that its fueling a wave of fear-mongering about marijuana, the California Proposition 64 Amendments represent the latest in a string of measures to legalize marijuana, according to The Los Angeles Times. Proponents of Proposition 64 are using marijuana prescriptions as preparation for identification procedures for users, including fingerprint identification.
How to legally go about it?
The limits and requirements apply only to marijuana; the California proposition states that dispensary owners, medical-marijuana prescribers, prosecutors, and patients can only get their mail delivered with the prescribed dosage of marijuana. Even if you are under the age of 21, there are no marijuana-delivery requirements required for medical pot or tobacco-powered cigarettes.
However, opponents of Prop 64 claim that marijuana is to blame for serious rates of fatal traffic accidents in California, as well as for traffic-related fatalities.
Proponents of Prop 64 initially tried to ban the sale and possession of marijuana in open state liquor stores but moved on to limit the number of grams of the drug in grocery stores.
Meanwhile, opponents of the legal sale of marijuana also panned the Equal Access Act that was proposed by Attorney General Kamala Harris to limit access to pot.
In stark contrast to our ambitious goals of protecting and curing all our citizens, this massively expanded provision in our constitution increases legalized marijuana access to Texans and others for only a small fraction of the cost (i.e. several thousand dollars per gram), Harris said in a statement.
Harris touted the success of the Equal Access Act, as well as the initiatives to legalize medical marijuana.
Medical marijuana is a medical product that has been proven to be safe and effective in helping patients live productive lives. The number of states in which medical marijuana is being legalized in this country is increasing rapidly, Harris said.
Legalization and regulation
Prescription-strength marijuana is legal in 26 states and the District of Columbia, and dispensaries in 33 states and Washington, D.C., currently sell it to those who can afford it. But those shops are regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Back in October, a coalition of groups that oppose the state and federal marijuana laws gathered in Richmond, California, to argue that such a ruling would be unauthorized. Additionally, a lawmaker from Massachusetts, due to his research on medical marijuana, was forced to withdraw the required marijuana education-education program after he obtained opposition from the state Senate.
Get the latest round of breaking news right here.
