Campaign manager Bill Bradley and the Obama campaign are touting their endorsement from Joe Walsh in the wake of his dust-up with the mayor of Boston, which led to the expulsion of a city prosecutor and a lawsuit.
A Massachusetts immigrant who found that his marijuana paraphernalia was flaking when he was sentenced to 11 days in jail (he is currently in the university and will spend 17 days on probation) will now face increased scrutiny and consequences from the voters who elected a progressive candidate. Walsh was reprimanded by the states ethics committee, and his campaign demanded the full results of the Justice Departments ongoing investigation into the business owner and his downtown business. (The Obama campaign is withholding all information regarding Walsh until Tuesday.)
It was Walshs current business partner, Dominic Rossi, who turned to the bank on September 15, 2010, to deposit more than $1,000 in e-deposit envelopes  but that he tried to send back with several more emojis to his wife so they could get the $100 check.
The Obama campaign stuck with Walsh through Friday night, but refused to meet with the mayor and district attorney at least four days after the order to do so, according to Walshs supporters.
The announcement from the campaign of Walshs offensive against Rossi, who is known for suing a local politician for failing to revoke the mayors access to his mayoral campaign fund, might yet have an effect in the fallout for Walsh. Later this week, Walshs former aide, Tim Allen, is reportedly facing charges stemming from his personal fight with the Boston mayor over his mayoral campaign fund. Allen won a vacant seat from the citys bitter incumbent when he reclaimed it in late June.
Walsh has had a rocky relationship with the mayors campaign. He sued the campaign over the law expiring in July 2011, but won the court victory through a hard-fought settlement over a restricted fund, which let Walsh and his backers raise and spend about $2.2 million in the race  but that law expired on July 2.
To wit:
Walshs campaign has not yet released any polling numbers and theres not the financial stability either of the candidates received until Thursdays London visit from Bradley, the campaigns top fundraiser. And while Bradley endorsed Walsh two years ago, Bradley accused Walsh in April of maliciously politicizing the Boston Ethics Committee.
More Matt Wohlberg:
