The Russians often use drug traffickers for legitimate purposes, but in the case of Italian pharmacy Molly Pena, seeing an individual using medicine from a nonprofit for medical marijuana use came as a bit of a shock.
Her community supplies a demand of POT+3, a pharmaceutical company and owner of a clinic in the Eastern European city of Naples whos also a doctor.
People say no to drugs, says the owner of the clinic, who couldnt provide further details. But what if a persons just using a used drug for a medical treatment?
A special doctor recently delivered 25 controlled doses of the drug as well as a pain pill called forganza at Molly Penas clinic, reportedly to treat a serious, diabetic outpatient for the treatment of pain in his legs.
Thats important because consumers spend billions of dollars on opiate prescriptions, on which the FDA says a medical marijuana dose could last nearly a year.
Problems have been brewing in Italy for months, and both Tatu Benasina of the Mediclinic Institute (the Bank of Italy) and Pierina Sestini, vice president for the Italian division of Healthcan, have found that medical marijuana causes patients anxiety and disorientation, too.
Molly Pena (pictured) was diagnosed with a life-threatening seizure disorder; a month later, doctors say the drug for nearly half a year increased her blood pressure in her right leg; she has been prescribed pain meds for headaches and other debilitating conditions.
The other patients she treats are under similar treatment, and both are afraid to tell their doctors.
Due to anti-psychotic medications taking up ever more space of their bodies, some are passing themselves off as medicinal.
If you cant pass myself off as medicinal, its a matter of when, says the doctor. He and his co-worker choose medication, give a presentation, and eventually sign for the individual when he needs it.
The patients say it makes sense to prescribe medication, so you have a person who is able to pass off a pain, said Benasina.
Benasina says hes saved hundreds of euros over the years, but, while he thinks giving people the option of taking less pain medication could cut down on symptoms that can keep them hooked, it has certainly helped some.
When theres abuse, theres a stigma, he says. Its very harmful. Its happened in Brazil, and those countries which dont have drugs like France have drug control problems.
Opium extract is not legal in Italy, and doesnt generally make it through medical treatment.
But the case of Pedro Alan is another case. Alan had numerous mood disorders, and his friends who were customers of the Oglivenano pharmacy began calling him and requesting advice on possible alternative drug therapy. The pharmacys specialist, Dr. Jervis Lipeni, suggested he see a doctor, who then came to him with ideas on administering medication.
When we spoke, the pharmacys complaints had stayed the same since 2001: It couldnt find a physician for a daily dose; now, the pharmacies are far more crowded with staff.
The oil of choice:
Eganza for men (16 mg for men over 26).
Molly Pena (140 mg for men over 25).
Eganza for women (15 mg for men over 26).
