The Republican primary for Virginias 5th Congressional District is drawing new attention to a controversial lawmakers position on the subject.
Rep. Charlie Rangel, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, has signed onto a bill aimed at treating patients with a drug known as marijuana. Rangels bill, which was approved by a vote of 71-39, would allow the FDA and others to research marijuana affecting human health and medical need by presenting studies that suggest the drug reduces symptoms of Alzheimers and Parkinsons disease, even though it has not been shown to improve patients quality of life.
In 2008, Rangel was elected to the 9th Congressional Districts 4th Congressional District by a massive 33,680 votes, most of them votes he claims hes won. If he becomes a full-time Democrat, Rangels bill will need to win 60 votes to pass, but hes close to passing the marijuana legislation. Only two states  Hawaii and Maryland  have legalized medical marijuana.
The estimated $30 million that is needed to bring some semblance of a health care reform bill to the floor is not enough to restore some of the support Rangel put in place. His efforts to get his legislation passed will, however, require that a majority of members support his bill. If the bills rules allow lawmakers to change the rules, it would then need a two-thirds majority to pass.
I believe theres more than enough votes in the House to pass this bill, Rangel told WCPO. But we need 60 votes to pass it. I dont see how a minority can get 55 on a bill.
Rangel said he was concerned that legislation introduced in Congress would make it difficult for patients to get medical marijuana.
I know some people are concerned about all of that, Rangel said. For some people, as a practitioner they are not feeling the effects of any of those [existing medical conditions].
The primary race between Rangel and Libertarian candidate Aaron Pimbleton drew a lot of scrutiny because both candidates carried a relatively small amount of women in their field of potential voters. Rangel is no easy thrower; Pimbleton is a former military man who served in Afghanistan. He is a former Chelsea Beach fire fighter and foster child, who graduated from Washington University in St. Louis, Va., in the last decade. And he is a Republican who ran against Democratic state Rep. Ron Sanchez a few years ago.
