Forget alcohol and drugs. Theyre big business. Legal booze and heroin are big business. Medical marijuana entrepreneurs are under investigation for price gouging and, worse, corruption.
Theyre reporting a state investigation that is currently focused on the high prices of alcohol, marijuana, and prescription drugs sold in Washington D.C. The agency, which is a part of the Medical Cannabis Industry Association, is continuing to investigate General Mills marketing practices for a huge new alcohol marketing project.
Following a successful pilot at Pennsylvanias Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport last month, the Mount Vernon, Maryland-based organization is launching the largest state-wide statewide campaign for its marijuana development. Ahead of the campaign, the group has raised $150,000 to provide people with access to a legal, safe, and affordable drug education program and support in addition to public health services that can protect and help consumers. According to the Mount Vernon announcement, the campaign is confronting drug dealers, educators, and prescribers. One source indicated that the adult version of the drug could be sold for between $50 and $75.
Critics claim the campaign is simply a political tool to further the interests of the pharmaceutical industry, which is involved in cultivating, distributing, and marketing cannabis.
The Mount Vernon plan is also intended to foster legalization in D.C. and other rural and suburban jurisdictions, which is expected to help the group further its road map to begin medicinal production.
Specifically, the Mount Vernon campaign calls for all first-time medical marijuana purchasers to doctor shop before using the state-licensed site and use of the service. The organization also proposes that the program should promote local education and law enforcement in rural areas.
The Mount Vernon plan will officially launch its efforts at the Pennsylvania market Monday night. For more information on the Mount Vernon network, a link is available here. The plan has picked up support from several local attorneys and the FBI. For more info on the Mount Vernon plan, check out D.C.s largest city court, and across the country in schools, fairs, and prison.
