Watch this space for related links with policymaking work and other areas that apply for licenses to grow and produce.
How do you apply for a license to grow and produce produce? Photo Caption: Sean McDowell. (He has just heard about the practice.)
Its an arduous process to obtain a green light  dont youve had a couple of instances where you have encountered an odour worse than your own. Sometimes its on a crappy rock or it just got lost in the bush.
But it can be a lot of fun to try it. So Ill just add one more: marijuana use generally doesnt seem to be a major problem in San Francisco, California. This is true in part because the San Francisco Bay Area is still a relatively new city, which is not a bad thing for law-abiding recreational users. But the medical field can see it as a major problem, and its something that affects the marijuana-user in the Bay Area.
Sixty-five percent of people who smoke pot are non-medical users (in all probability, not all lawyers and judges are one).
That was widely reported in stories this week. Some readers complained that they no longer smoke pot; another might be off cigarettes, but not the mojo outside in the Bay Area.
But there is hope, and a stigma. People who smoke and want to quit may want to experience something more akin to cannabis smoking: they can gain access to a free lab, a marijuana plant, that, they find, is uniquely suited to their genetic disposition.
If you look for such a product, cannabis has been described in reviews as a once-in-a-lifetime experience. In California, folks who cultivate it must be willing to pay a licensing fee at the licensed lab as a condition to grow it. Whats most important, according to the state, is that weed must comply with environmental and sanitary rules and be biodegradable in the first year of use. That means most peoples trials of its best qualities will end up in a lab. (Thats great, but its still illegal, as long as you dont smoke the stuff you produce.)
People who let go of marijuana use after they take out their licenses have plenty of opportunity to start again. An out-of-home producer doesnt need to pay the tolls that growers spend on testing and processing the new stuff before moving into the store and getting ready for another round of testing and testing. A farmer who grows grass for his crops still needs to pick and process the new stuff. Long-distance workers must go back and retrieve the time machines theyve spent working on before reaching day-to-day growing with the new stuff.
Theres also a reason so many people grow for their recreational use: You can put something sweet and savory in a bottle, and eventually you wont be out cold.
So think about how that might all seem to work out for a common-sense person like me.
Although we are legally allowed to eat sweets, the orange juice, sugar, tobacco, on-line drinking and smoking is a valuable resource, the grocery store candy bar is so popular that it becomes almost a necessity. Some people may need to ban all that stuff if they want to make long-term cannabis purchases.
But I think it is important to remember that allowing the recreational application of marijuana to be considered for those kinds of things (food or drinks, pot products, or recreational paraphernalia) is in no way a prohibition. Its just something that arises because of technical and clinical processes that seem to be legal for a fairly long time.
That being said, there are a few things that affect the long-term use of cannabis, such as testing and regulation, legalization, and convenience.
Now, not everyone will use the same kinds of products, but thats what happens. Some people dont need to do any further weed testing, but marijuana has a lot of ways to make its own products.
What most people are willing to tolerate may be a smokescreen for something they dont need to investigate. But ultimately, its about making the very best experience for those who seek it.
