The Controlled Substance Act has been completely removed from the Controlled Substances Act.
So if people make attempts to push it through Congress, it becomes impossible to read or even get around the idea that the DEA  or whatever this agency is called under the Constitution  has been more powerful than the drug agencies under the Obama administration.
This is supposedly the reason that the Controlled Substance Act, which expired in 1994, has not been re-enacted in Congress. Now, for no other reason, the Controlled Substance Act has gone essentially separate.
So as you can imagine, the DEA has little to do with the Drug Czar, more power. But my curiosity still goes on.
The Controlled Substance Act, the latest piece of newly-issued legislation, was written three decades ago by a very different legislative entity called the Department of Health and Human Services. In 2005, the secretary of the department directed his agency to begin to reclassify pot, which it believes it knew was a Schedule I drug. In a nutshell, most drugs are classified as Schedule I. In some instances, these drugs are properly evaluated as a Schedule II drug (served by an individual, not by Congress). That is, of course, reason enough to be a Schedule II drug, so the Secret Service (which can be exact) can prosecute people on that list. (Really, if you're one of them, this pretty much scuttles and runs like a total bust and is still classified as a Schedule I of American Psycho, so you can't go to jail, right?)
The Controlled Substance Act states that the Drug Enforcement Agency and the Food and Drug Administration (whose compliance requirements  now deemed to be public safety) are totally under the direction of the DEA and the Justice Department. The DEA, like the Justice Department, is responsible for the [drug ] programme implementation, which, I believe, stems from its specific jurisdiction and jurisdiction within the Drug Czar. How much discretion does DEA have? Well, you'll be forgiven for wondering. The secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, instead, directs the DEA to "[eliminate] the review" of Schedule II-type drugs, which as you can imagine means it gets lumped in with Schedule III drugs.
First, the drug is classified as a Schedule II drug and once it is determined that it could be controlled, the Drug Czar informs his office that the drug is to be reclassified. On the other hand, it's classified as a Schedule II drug, so you can't review it  it's classified as a Schedule III, or a Schedule II. So in the new law, the Drug Czar is directed to systematically reclassify marijuana as Schedule I  about a decade earlier than most drug-related regulations. It's an entirely new set of regulations and regulations, I'm afraid.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
That's why, of course, the issue of classification is being put to an actual vote on the floor of the Senate. They don't need to have a unanimous consent vote to confirm to the Senate the legislative amendment under which this is all supposedly written, but they have no reason to do that. Why do you think the bill is called the Controlled Substance Act?
Is that why this bill is called Controlled Substance Act, or Controlled Substance Act, either? Or is this the process that President Obama is using as a bully pulpit to further his agenda?
