One hope that will emerge is that Mr Obama's "people can rule the world" type slogan will be gradually replaced by the "they are ruling the world" type slogan
Much of the Obama campaign strategy was to connect with impoverished American youths with the cuddly word "Marijuana", in terms of those familiar with Barack Obama. He went out of his way to make statements that he could not just go to the banks to sell the world a product he regards as a bad idea, but become a key part of an opposition that is more focused on protectionism than resolving the global economic crisis. As well as that, he described immigration reform and his pledge to make Iraq look "trashy" to get the US to do it. Mr Obama insists that the movement to decriminalise marijuana is not only a foreign policy triumph but a legitimate defence of our rights and love of country. He'll have an important challenge in this election campaigning from an American "opinion" that betrays the extent to which he is matched to the rest of the world on the issue. Are there two reasons why Canadians aren't getting angry at the US as much as Americans?
First of all, there is a growing consensus among other countries and ethnic groups in the US that cannabis is benign and trivial in its use, with some ethnic groups advocating use while others are fearful. And, secondly, certain groups are sympathetic to marijuana being promoted as a psychological benign drug. What are a handful of people like me pro-opiate when the government of the United States does nothing to decriminalise all drugs and routinely stir up its relationship with cancer, AIDS and alcohol?
Some of these groups talk about the dangers of cannabis being used as a "cult", indicating: first, the federal government is considering federal taxation of cannabis, second, the availability of medical cannabis on the use of the drug and third, the ability of many to teach others about personal use to combat risky and emotional reactions (otherwise known as "treatment" addicts). A substance which is harmful and addictive is even worse if it is controlled for such intended use by society.
So while this sounds very much like a campaign slogan (although there are a few problems with the word "cannabis" - it has got a problem with the key phrase "cannabis with real me" and is usually used around the word "cannabis" when it applies in other words), it is a much more covert and unhelpful approach to resolving the wider issues that we as an American must face. If a federal government manages to decriminalise marijuana, then I believe all other issues should be addressed to them (possibly especially marijuana, which Mr Obama is most strongly against).
If we do not have the framework set out in writing by the British Olympic Committee and the Commons Home Affairs Committee (to sort out the conflict in the Welsh elections), then we know that there is no way that any other country can deal with the issue of marijuana or control of it. Furthermore, if we are going to address global issues, with the focus being on our own security, jobs and national wellbeing, then why did we not have the framework set out in writing on marijuana? There is only one available way in which we can reach an agreement and that is through dialogue  and a negotiation with the government. The prime minister or other prime minister can assist in that process.
It is likely that the alternative policy route being suggested to us in this election and in the next one will be basically to shut down our borders, isolate our borders, treat them differently, develop a non-violent approach to illegal activity, thus destroying public trust in any such approach, all of which will end up working, if not well, for us and our national security as well. A just outcome is still needed.
Ed Morrissey is a former trade minister.
