But considering it's illegal for people to inhale the drug, and for people to renege on their promises of getting it out of their pelt. That's what's most worrying when you hear about San Francisco city leaders taking money from the legitimate use of marijuana in places like San Francisco, where it would be taxed and regulated.
What might that have to do with San Francisco's Prop 78, California's recreational marijuana law, which went into effect on May 1?
Well, the word "pot" already seems to be on our lips  and not only because it was "grey"  but because it means more money. Lacking an idea to support the growing financial windfall that might come from it, San Francisco city leaders have already had to charge a rumour of "legalisation" for the first time in California, after making its position clear in 2014. Yes, the Bay Area is already at the forefront of a movement to legalize recreational pot, but with the very reason that San Francisco is now facing the increasingly expensive Bay Area tax system, it's easy to picture a spirit of partnership and drug dealing playing out there.
With that idea all but dead, the city council is getting in on the fun. Mayor Ed Lee vowed yesterday that any tax revenue collected by marijuana legalization in the Bay Area would be invested in meeting San Francisco's core mission of sustaining community development: pay for community services, establish parks and arts, revitalise an area overrun by crime and addiction, and bring back the contributions of the San Francisco economy.
This is not necessarily to celebrate any tax money, but as city officials casually point out, it will be used to pay for the community improvement budgets currently funded by the San Francisco Bay Area Economic Development Agency. This means extra funds for grants  used for park improvements, street repair, revitalising aging structures, or projects such as BRANIST HEALTH.
To be clear, just because somebody else wants to do it, doesn't mean it can be done. Although Lee said in his statement, "We will be making the tax revenue available to our community once again." To be clear, if you're the wrong type of person, and you want to put money behind it, you can't.
It's been said that in the world of California there are no morals at all, and edicts banning this sort of thing in the state have become politically correct, in part because the simple desire to catch the mafia is the most important political ideology in the country. It's a rhetorical question but one that would be impossible to justify if anything else.
Back to the actual question  well, but perhaps it is very wrong to ask.
Harvard Medical School bioethicist Timothy B. Sottini, a former Doctor and author of "The Mysterious Face of Marijuana: What Molecular Aridamentality Detects and Breaches" (Penguin), argues that some substances are prescribed without their evidence and are merely prescribed for approval. While it may seem very murky at first, those claims are actually both practical and perhaps even convincing.
He said: "The medical consensus on psychoactive substances is not that restrictive. It is theoretically possible to prescribe drugs without all evidence proving that they actually work. If there are various biological processes of addiction or other psychological conditions that are also present or required by law, it is the medical community's responsibility to determine whether there is, and how strongly it should be approved."
Think about this. For one thing, the consequences of such decisions are far from a moral one. Just look at the consequences of drunk driving: many survivors who felt the effects of dangerous driving report that not only did they feel no pleasure in their lives, but that they were severely impaired. A not-so-subtle contrast is made between those who believe that bad decisions are permissible, and those who insist that medical science does not necessarily need medical data to discern the opposite. If you believe there are eight times more people who would be harmed and/or missed by an impaired driver and therefore do not benefit from police help, then that's science, and science's wrong, again.
So go ahead and legalize marijuana in San Francisco and take the money from the pockets of the crack cartels and the vagaries of warlords, and the agents of profit at your disposal.
