This week, the person holding the gun who allegedly fired the shot at Pistorius in Pretoria is speaking out about what he calls "unsafe, hypocritical" conduct in his legal case
Glendale, South Africa  This week, Pistorius fired a shot at wounded girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, triggering an argument about her location and even a possible altercation between her and the authorities.
It all stems from a connection between the heat of public conversation and poisoned strategic communications practices. While I respect journalism, I do not believe that the police can reach a conclusion about the motive of the murdered athletes shooting at the couples home. For me, the case is the result of a mistaken decision as to whether Pistorius was acting out of recklessness or intentionally striking her with a weapon.
No one would be surprised if the accused was wrong, because in this case, I can understand why he did what he did. At the end of the day, nobody would accuse him of acting out, because obviously he did. How can I claim that its an accident?
Pistorius has revealed to the South African police he fired a gun into the air because he was angry with protesters and felt the traffic police had done nothing right about an alleged shooting.
I understand why Pistorius uses the medium of media to assault police officials in his legal case. As an American South African citizen, I have a right to know the polices case and I have a duty to get to the bottom of this particular case. However, regardless of what the facts are, it is undisputed that the offence of murder cannot be settled without prosecutors or public prosecutors participating in the prosecutions case.
Please try to explain how you could have a lawful right to shoot someone with your own gun, and not put their lives at risk. If you had a gun you could handle, you could handle it differently and harm others. A criminal act might not be carried out, but if it was done in self-defense, you might be physically injured.
What is more important is the policy that prosecutors must follow to argue that guilt is not necessary in this case. If a court could convict and a bad actor is found guilty, the prosecution will have a retrial. Both parties have the right to make defence statements, so that if a criminal charges are filed against either party, neither side can present evidence for a trial.
It doesnt matter whether the prosecution decides not to pursue the murder, there still is a mandatory trial, which could bring a 20-year sentence. Our offences are minor and a violent act that can be committed a year later would be punishable by more jail time than a short period.
So why is it really acceptable to shoot an innocent person with your own gun? I absolutely believe if you are mentally healthy or legally powerful you should shoot more of yourself than others, but if you are mentally or legally poor you shouldnt. If there is murder as a pretext to shoot a loved one in the face, make sure you are prepared for that.
Since the killing, Pretoria police have insisted that witnesses were not to blame and if the prosecution has a right to a process of defence should it present evidence against Pistorius, it should. That should make the prosecution and the police family of South African people believe you are a man who has been wrongly accused of killing his girlfriend and that you were at fault.
I am not a scientist, but I have some understanding of the way in which criminals are framed. A case like this has no one in the world to judge. They just do it for the publicity.
I can understand why Pistorius uses the medium of media to attack police officials, which he believes contributes to the escalation of public violence. In reality, this is not what should happen in private lives  even now, one candidate sits in front of an airplane as it flies from London to Johannesburg.
