1. There can be more than one gateway drug. For example, Vicodin is a gateway drug into heroin and fentanyl. Marijuana was traditionally a gateway drugs into shrooms, LSD, and other psychedelics.2. Marijuana is illegal. When people use it, they learn how to find drug dealers in their city, how to avoid getting caught, how to find communities of like minded users, etc. Tobacco and alcohol are legal drugs. They are much more easily available. Stealing booze from your parents doesn't teach you how to find illegal drugs the way using pot does. 3. The culture around using tobacco and alcohol was traditionally very different than marijuana. Tobacco was everywhere. Like drinking coffee, it was just something people did. The same applied to alcohol. Many people drank alcohol as part of casual social events from house parties to spending the day with their children. It was a very mainstream drug. Marijuana was very outside of the mainstream. People who smoked it, smoked it with a purpose. Many people picked up alcohol and tobacco by simply going with the crowd, but marijuana smokers had to specifically choose to smoke pot. They had to swim against the current of public opinion. And the people who were willing to do that for pot were often willing to go one step farther into other psychedelic drugs. Obviously, this has changed a lot since pot has become more popular. Marijuana is now legal in some places. It has it's own semi-mainstream culture where the goal is to smoke pot. Before, the goal was to "expand your mind" and pot was just the most easily available tool to do that. And now that pot is popular, it's a lot easier for people who tend to be followers to pick it up. Before, it was just independent minded people. So maybe pot isn't a gateway drug anymore, but traditionally (or at least until the late 90's/early-2000's), it was the main gateway drug into harder drug use. Now that the culture has shifted, it's not what it used to be. But it's not *complete* nonsense either.