I'm all for the prevention of heroin and hard drug use on a whole, but marijuana should not fall into that category Anon1991 Anon1991
When it comes to dealing with heroin and hard drugs I feel similar to anybody else, but I can see some limits and accept them if there is some reward in getting their hands on a solution: simple heroin or marijuana.
Since the inception of the US drug war about a decade ago the temptation for addicts to gamble on drugs is unacceptably high. It's likely the mistakes people make will keep them off the streets, if not all the time, and maybe not so much for the long-term.
However the raid on September 11, 2001 the US government is taking a more left wing stance. The US government now has a Joint Narcotics Task Force, led by Major Austin August. Every federal marshal in this office comes in to help. Over the last three years, the army has been cutting the ranks of the drug network by almost all of them, from 8,000 to 3,000.
The military branches of the military do a nice job of patrolling the streets and major highways but these forces have no job to make their illegal dealers stop because they never care about the conditions.
Thus the number of US troops passing out non-prescription drugs like OxyContin and heroin was relatively small at best. The US now has a Department of Defense Military Command Parachute Unit of 6,500 men so it represents less than 1 per cent of the army. Meanwhile about 70 per cent of the government workers have a military relationship. It's not surprising then that every time we get a bump we put another pressure on how the military puts our hands on them, and that there are clearly limits to what sort of self-help programs you can actually put in place.
This week word leaked that the US military is ordering its 36,000 people to use heavy cannabis against suicide bombers. This is good news. The dangers of H.E.P.C. these days are obvious: drinking and driving, underage consumption, heavy drinking.
 The defence minister of Slovenia has announced that military units are planning to bring in official "nearby agents" to counter this new wave of danger. This is not to say there will be no army searches for the drugs, but we don't have too many spies in Slovenia to crack our secrets. The UK knows exactly what they're doing, and I think it's really embarrassing to force our local forces into doing that at all. I think the best thing is to actually take up building a strategic combat position in a city  we already have an army there  and up the fight against the threat of suicide bombers.
