Willie Nelson is going to have to spend at least 10 months in jail if he gets a fight in the upcoming drug court; and experts say a long suspension from the law could severely limit the road Nelson has taken to burn soaps for his career.
Nelson was arrested early Monday morning after police went to his house for a traffic violation. They found two bags of marijuana inside the home.
The California Highway Patrol says Nelson was selling pot at a rave before a driver pulled into the driveway of the house on Highway 101 at around 2:30 a.m.
Police say for seven months, they'll be trying to get Nelson off the drug in order to get away from charges that could land him in trouble with the law.
Wade Roush, the owner of the Bash Brothers club on Main Street, says Nelson was arrested too drunk, a registered sex offender and for a calendar violation, saying he's gotten drugs already.
He's been with the Grateful Dead, Blue Man Group and other rock bands in their prime for decades.
Wade Roush said he was concerned about the risk of an injury from someone in the dressing room of some Dead shows.
He said Nelson was not traveling with his band because of injuries to his neck and shoulder last month.
Guitarist Matt Baer echoed Roush's comments and said Nelson might just get suspended for five or six months.
"I've seen Willie Nelson ride the right course," Baer said. "He's a very dynamic guy, very humorless, really highly entertaining, and sometimes he's also a bit stage-and-record.
"Our guy goes across the street, he says, 'You want to do a shirtless shoot now, where you're going to have your live band over in the dressing room, you can't do this, I can't do that. I can't do this for this.' He's very well respected, and he's been so widely known over the years for everything he does."
Roush said the hardscrabble lifestyle of Nelson didn't seem to bother him the first time around. He described the Minnesota native as "very mellow" and simple, especially after 20 years on the road.
Roush said he remembered seeing Nelson doing his motorcycle rides in a van.
"And every once in a while, a run through traffic will draw me into his back yard, so I thought, 'Yeah, I want to do a motorcycle ride.'"
However, Roush said Nelson doesn't seem to care about jail time for a while.
"That's not so much about arresting Nelson. He's very relaxed, very self-centered."
"He's doing everything you can do to keep himself from getting kicked out of his community. I mean, he's very forgiving. He's open about anything and anything, and obviously something like this could be dangerous if I had a blow job!"
