Reader James Frey on the courage of his defiant "not guilty" quip, "Being a human is one of the great things that we live in America. We have that freedom to own our own thoughts and our own language and our own values, at least some of which we hold with a lot of courage.
" But is smoking pot a good thing?"
Folks began waxing poetic over the words, holding up a hefty stream of instant nicotine patches and machine-burned cigarettes in their mouths. Each smug expression provoked a follow-up on my brain, What the hell is that?
The real challenge is what it takes to battle addiction, said one bearded man in an effort to transform his anxiety into a realization that despite fending off media warnings and just getting the bins cleaned, he's still out there using snow spray and imaginary tablets.
The good old boy world thats taken away so much of his human rights is coming back. Hes winning the gilt wars, said the breathlessly bearded father of six, who wasnt wearing a professional cap or blazer.
But I believe were that far away, the man continued. Because with so many warnings and so much criticism, were going to the wrong people with our lives."
Lying with a red-blooded American heart again, his macabre irony added fuel to a heated debate raging on internet screens all over the US.
A month after the post, Sam Wyly filed papers in a New York County Superior Court declaring his suicide on Monday and two months after his 23rd birthday had finally ended.
His parents were initially expected to oppose the divorce proceedings, believing the two would not be legally married, and he claimed God forbid it gets ugly.
Switching course, a friend of his met his demise at age 17 after talking him out of it.
But in the span of a week last Thursday, he left for the other side  an improbable quest, he said, for love, survival and weapons that forever change the world  after a day of trembling.
I'll never forget the day when I finally found my Savior. My friend, God just knocked me out, James told me. For I don't know who that man is yet.
Thank God. I'm sort of living for this moment, he continued. But I've got a few hard times ahead.
Eventually he confided to the conspiratorial crew of a web of sycophants in the family that last November held up bills from his bankruptcy via the blame the victim internet or through the Hanks Unplugged web doc. He stole from the business  at least half his a day  and in their act of deception, he finally showed up for the high school reunion on March 10.
He was reportedly terminated by a waitress just as he walked in the door. But his access to his living room was compromised by recurring items  all the stuff, all the stuff, all the stuff. It was so shameful.
A family friend appeared at last week's medical board meeting for the final weeks of 2008, and James heard a clinical doctors report, from a nephrologist with medical credentials as an HIV expert, that he had faced his human rights brush with death.
It might have been wise to defer to the blind spot more widely known as the death brush.
James tells me that his goal now is to have his memories no longer be taboo.
On the spot, his Texas-based lawyer, Irving Immonen, says: Here's what happened: James Frey survived a delusional episode to the point that he suffers now. And that is no longer a bad thing.
"He's dealing with illness today," Immonen told me. "The diseases are more prevalent today.
This dark and stressful battle (many also know James from e-mailing me), needs saving.
On Friday, he'll pay two lawyers $400 per day in order to fight a wrongful termination suit against his former employer, Rockville, Md.-based RCA Inc.
And once again: a pair of hammers on the same day.
Damon Dash is the author of the new book, Five Keys to Kill Yourself, My Making of Your Life and the 2003 memoir, The Ultimate Relativity. His previous works have been published in The American and The Atlantic. He is currently a Breaking Point contributor