Insurance companies, California drivers and the state's insurance commissioner are "very likely" to cite an accident involving a car in a crash that is causing traffic problems in some cities and cities such as Anchorage and Portland, according to a new analysis.
Car insurance is not mandated by law, but victims of accidents involving such vehicles are typically singled out. Insurers, after hearing the findings, received a $69.5 million estimate from the Department of Insurance for a 2014 crash involving two vehicles, according to its report.
The analysis finds consumers can claim a higher premium from car insurance companies than they can from Florida or Hawaii because of recent fatal crashes involving 2014 caravans in the state's local law enforcement departments. The analysis found 56,000 car accidents statewide and 2,300 fatalities.
The third crash cited by the insurance company analysis was in Los Angeles County, where at least 22 cars were killed. Last year, a car pulled into traffic behind a woman who had just been off duty and was a visiting medical student. The driver of the car was charged with negligent homicide.
Insurance claims "ransom"
Insurance companies reportedly do not know how well their premiums are covered, instead relying on carriers' final results to try to predict what impact a collision will have on consumers' wallets.
With fewer states providing coverage to low- and moderate-income households, car insurers have become more concerned with protecting consumers from costly insurance policyholder mandates.
That plays into the growing role of car insurance rates on the business side of insurance. The average personal accident insurance quote is about $3,000.
"A number of people believe that car insurance is an important component of their auto insurance strategy, but, in truth, it is entirely distinct from the needs of small businesses and homeowners," said San Francisco attorney General Kamala Harris in an emailed statement.
According to a 2013 study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 36 percent of renters were likely to get property damage from accidents involving car insurance.
Anticipating a bigger impact, California law mandates homeowners with insurance companies allow customers to take out their own auto insurance plan to avoid tax penalties of $5,000 each, according to a 2014 report from the insurance company Performance Insurance.
Business owners can receive discounts as a result of the tax. San Francisco property insurance commissioner Doug Nussmeier said this exemption might be the way to go for insurance companies.
"You're putting yourself out of a job. The question is: Is it going to really be worth it? I don't think it will be," Nussmeier said.
To hit the jackpot, Nussmeier also urged auto manufacturers to test their vehicles for damage and performance before approving an add-on policy.
Here's how the insurance industry responded to a car insurance proposal by Assemblyman Gregg Becker (D-Monterey Park)
"We're going to take a look at this and decide if this will be a bargain," Becker said. "We shouldn't have to save money and make up for lost revenue by putting people at risk."
