at 1:58 AM From Iron Mike to Marijuana Mike? (Mike Stobe/Getty Images for USTA/) Mike Tyson is on the verge of becoming a heavyweight in Californias burgeoning marijuana industry. The former boxer and some business partners have broken ground on a 40-acre ranch in the state that they envision as a destination for growers and consumers of newly legal weed. California, which had allowed licensed medical marijuana use, legalized recreational pot Jan. 1, and Tyson is looking to capitalize in a big way. The Blast reported Monday that the 51-year-old former heavyweight champion broke ground last month on a cannabis resort to be locatedin California City, a town in the Mojave Desert about a 110-mile drive north from Los Angeles. The location is also a much shorter drive north from Edwards Air Force Base, and according to The Blast, taking care of men and women who have served in the armed forces is a top priority forTysonHolistic, the company that will operate the resort, to be called Tyson Ranch. The Blast noted that cannabidiol, a marijuana extract that does notprovide the highfamously associated with tetrahydrocannabinol, has been used by some veterans to treat cases ofpost-traumatic stress disorder, and it is touted by advocates as having other therapeutic properties as well. Tyson Ranch will reportedly set aside 20 acres for the cultivation of marijuana by master growers, while the property will also feature facilities to help the growers and those interested in becoming one. In addition, the ranch will offer an edibles factory, an amphitheater and areas for glamping . The groundbreaking ceremony included two of Tysons business partners,Robert Hickman and Jay Strommen,andCalifornia City Mayor Jennifer Wood. She said the ranch would help engineer a rebirth for her town, a planned city that never flourished in the way its1950s developers envisioned. Hickman told The Blast that the undeveloped lands in California City are primed to be cultivated. The city has sought to boost its economy in recent years by attracting marijuana-related businesses. Tyson has spoken in the past about using marijuana extensively during his boxing career, as well as having been addicted at times to cocaine. His October 2000 win by technical knockout over Andrew Golota was subsequently changed to no contest after Tyson tested positive for marijuana. More from The Post: Isaiah Thomas is back. What does it mean for the Cleveland Cavaliers? Is the College Football Playoff championship getting a little too familiar? The mother of all stats doesnt see the Patriots as Super Bowl contenders Carson Palmer follows Bruce Arians into retirement. Is Larry Fitzgerald next? Des Bieler writes for the Early Lead and the D.C. Sports Bog, scouring the Web to bring readers items of interest, both serious and amusing. He also covers fantasy football. He came to The Post in 1995.