If Colorados 2012 legalization of medical marijuana can beat a federal mandate set for an initial 44-day grind, as expected, it could mean a sharp increase in U.S. demand for marijuana over the next five years.
According to a Federal Drug Administration report, the number of U.S. residents seeking marijuana could rise to 1.1 million by 2017, up from just one hundred thousand residents today, with eight states passing marijuana laws this year. The Wall Street Journal reported the study is for researchers looking at studies on the impact of legalization on the nations health-care system, but its difficult to figure out how much of the new demand will be people who use marijuana only to pay for medical marijuana.
The District of Columbia is taking its lead, and White House spokesman Josh Earnest has dismissed the federal estimates.
The numbers keep coming, Earnest said in an interview Monday. If those estimates are true for individuals in the District, it will be very interesting to see if the numbers from that study are correct for urban areas.
The federal government currently spends about $600 million a year to support medical marijuana programs in Colorado and Washington.
The states getting ready to legalize weed
Colorado became the first U.S. state to allow the sale of pot in July. The city of Denver also has proposed laws that would allow weed sales, despite Gov. John Hickenloopers opposition to the move.
"The requirements of medical marijuana are clearly designed to make medical marijuana available to patients who need access to it," Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said at the time. "The question we all have is how long the process for medicinal cannabis in Colorado will take."
Some experts consider Colorado the first state in the country to consider the status of medical marijuana. That stance is designed to stall a federal legal weed market the state has been wrestling with for years.
So far, states in the nation where medical marijuana has legalized have shown a jump in demand. Most legal states have legalized marijuana for recreational use and two states, Utah and Washington, are now legalizing medical marijuana.
In Washington, which licenses dispensaries for medical-marijuana purposes, the expansion of medical marijuana dispensaries is slated to bring tens of thousands of patients over to the Washington State dispensary scene, according to the Washington Post.
"Colorado has been recognized as a real victory in this debate over constitutional amendments and medical marijuana with recent polls showing that two-thirds of Americans believe medical marijuana is a medical treatment that can help treat all of our conditions," Obama advisor Christina Romer said Monday.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said that border control deals forged
President Obamas push to improve safety along the U.S.-Mexico border went down a road not unlike that of marijuana laws his administration used to resolve the ongoing immigration enforcement crisis there.
In recent weeks, the president, speaking Monday in Indiana, put that defeat in context:
"What it does say is that the federal government has demonstrated  as I said before  that it has a responsibility to protect the American people in terms of border security. I know the Texas border is an issue, but this drug is far from the most border area that you want to put together. The fact is, Im not aware of a single border that is rated as or has ever been rated higher than 800,000 acres of marijuana. So the border alone is not a problem because there is no moral right to be there. I see the problem for the American people, and I see the level of urgency thats necessary to stop this train of thought that have been going on at the border and across the country.
Colleagues and those in Washington say the switch over to medical marijuana is more difficult than some proponents had hoped.
Its not something that was designed for a national model, James Carville, the former Democratic National Committee chairman, told NBC News last summer. You know, it can have multiple needs, it can be three different needs, it can be hundreds, thousands of things in different states, and theyre all tied to a particular policy idea.
