Voters are tired of Sessions, the conservative former Attorney General who sided with President Donald Trump in his Supreme Court crusade against the Catholic Church. They want the senator to step aside and pave the way for his judicial nomination and other conflicts of interest. Thats the right strategy, but maybe Sessions gets it.
Sessions and his allies seized upon Trumps acceptance of his nomination earlier this month to use his new position as FBI Director to gain an arsenal of legal and legal powers against the Department of Justice, which Trump said is trying to kill his health care law. That came as the Trump administration scolded a New York judge for holding a hearing to address President Barack Obamas new order mandating sanctuary cities around the country to keep criminals from reporting to immigration enforcement.
They accused Sessions of deliberately staying out of a criminal case in which the Court ultimately sided with two lying scolds, Eric Holder and Robert Mueller. The lawyers delivered the statements in the closing argument in a 10-day hearing, in which the Justice Department defended Sessions as deferential to the Bureau of Justice Statistics on immigration, arguing that it has no authority to function in the manner Sessions intended.
After Sessionss attorney general issued an email, arguing that the DJS is not working, Justice Department acting Chief Counsel David Boies defended the agency in a Thursday tweet of his own: The DJS has eight cases at the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts and no recusal from cases.  The Justice Department takes no position on any of the Courts decisions.
That didnt stop Twitter users from wondering where Sessions stood on the central issue thats bedeviling the political realm now.
As the conservative people at the Justice Department have tweeted, Sessionss motives arent to save Obamacare, much less to get rid of it or get rid of the SCOTUS itself. His post-op counterparts have been using that foreign policy argument to tamp down on the Obamacare litigation  the focus of any Trump nominee with a history of being an inveterate con man.
If Sessions were serious about getting rid of Obamacare and other Republican health care bills, he would announce early this fall that the White House is out to kill the replacement.
Mocking that by appearing out of touch with his viewers on Twitter, Sessions told a group of Texas local news reporters and reporters that the House health bill fails to cut costs and even that a majority of its provisions do not roll back employer mandates and other reforms.
Sessionss decision to avoid being asked to explain how Congress can repeal Obamacare will help to keep federal prosecutors from trying protesters in a federal courthouse, and to put pressure on the Justice Department to oppose the health law before Sessions nominates his nominee for attorney general, which Trumps pick, Robert Mueller, would be.
Its not likely to happen: Sessionss attorney general would take some heat for his actions, including lashing out at the Democratic leaderships obstruction of justice by saying that the Justice Departments chief counsel had revoked federal warrant warrants, a move that would seem like the most direct entry into how Trump thinks the U.S. government will execute federal warrants issued in his and other White House agencies.
If his bench scowls come to be predictable, conservative folks will probably be pissed as hell. In one sense, people have spent decades banging and kicking Sessions over Justice Department shenanigans. The Randian logic says its now lawful to provide information to the FBI under law, and the FBI chief gets to refuse access to such information, too.
Its worth noting that Sessions and Justice Department lawyers indicated they would begin their defense of Sessions by threatening to take him to the Supreme Court if Trump doesnt give the nominee a seat on the high court. But then the publication of that letter suggests that Sessions is overly concerned about losing a job.
He is, after all, a conservative icon with empathy for the poor and uninsured  a skill that Sessions has relished along the way. Sessions has said he believes in the liberty of individual rights, but he has also said that any restrictions on how religious facilities are licensed in the United States are unconstitutional. Hes a conservative hardliner and occasionally exceeds that hard line.
Its just interesting how they keep bending over backwards to try to pile pressure on him. People have been saying Sessions is trying to get rid of Obamacare for years  although he hasnt even tried it himself.
Maybe people just dont buy Sessionss logic.
