OTTAWA  Recognizing its economic importance, the federal government on Tuesday designated 12 states and Washington, D.C., as medical marijuana states with on-the-going legalization.
The decision, which went into effect at midnight, ensures that 420-acre dispensaries are set up across the country in those states where pot is legal, and a bigger chunk of the recreational market. It comes as the political power of marijuana has shrunk by at least one-third in the United States, while victories across the country have come with more cautious details.
But as critics have insisted, one factor driving the states movement is access to pot, which remains relatively limited in most U.S. states.
In North Dakota, where recreational sales have been federally legalized since 2006, a key issue to the state is limited quality and safety. Among those restrictions is a ban on small bars and liquor stores on public beaches.
North Dakotas expansive marijuana economy has played a role in recent success, too. More than 90 per cent of North Dakotas marijuana products come from medical marijuana. Nearly 90 per cent of it comes from medical marijuana patients, and thats including veterans with terminal illnesses.
But in last weeks federal decision, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said that some medical marijuana patients in North Dakota had sought to utilize such businesses, including medical marijuana dispensaries, without legal permits or due process.
I know these patients have been treated fairly, Sessions said. Medical marijuana is going to be an option for many.
Washington State last week became the sixth state to legalize recreational pot. Late Tuesday, the state received approval from the Federal Drug Enforcement Administration for the first of three licenced robo-cannabis dispensaries scheduled to open in the state, the BBC reported.
Californias ban on medical marijuana dispensaries in 2014 was one of many to follow. Meanwhile, a federal judge in Nevada ruled in September that states that had legalized medical marijuana could use their marijuana powers to handle other legal medical conditions without conditions created by such regulations.
Up until June, medical marijuana was a subject in federal court, with the federal governments permission and state permission limited from any demand for medical marijuana. But the federal government stepped in and allowed vendors to establish medical pot dispensaries. The Los Angeles Times reported last month that the short-term draw for businesses focused on medical marijuana did nothing to restrain the flow of shops.
This is scum for the criminal prosecution that may occur here, said attorney Robert Boocher, a senior member of the American Civil Liberties Union of North Dakota.
Elise Kisse Davis, a clinic owner, said she is reviewing the federal case, and has heard nothing new on the issue. She said it only made sense for dispensaries to be licensed in each state so they could be open, but said it may make things even worse in California if marijuana restrictions go the way of Washingtons.
It is difficult to regulate these industries when you dont have the regulatory authority to do it, she said.
Davis said she was trying to stay silent on whether dispensaries would be allowed in California. But Starbucks did not respond to a request for comment.
Ohio and Illinois have legalized recreational marijuana, but those states are trying to strike down their own rules, with critics of their regulations claiming the bans violate federal privacy laws.
The biggest bust, says Ted Dobrecht, a marijuana expert and author of Over the Influence: Weed, Porn, and the Marijuana Business, on Tuesday in Topeka, Kansas, came shortly after agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives raided dispensaries in Cleveland and Pittsburgh. Agents found $15,000 in marijuana in plastic bags inside cages that had been dismantled, and wiring was found in places that allowed marijuana to be smoked, so they could determine if marijuana was being released, Dobrecht says.
Four people arrested for marijuana possession were charged with possession with intent to distribute and were held on bond in the Kansas City area.
Follow @arapunjung on Twitter.
