Americas marijuana growers will continue to benefit from supply shortages.
Since feds began cracking down on legalized shipments of cannabis back in September, state-run pot shops have been producing 50-liter batches of 2-liter, high-quality, increasingly potent, dark-skinned marijuana. But growers are still able to import hundreds of thousands of ounces of the drug from California.
Of the nearly 40 million ounce marijuana thats destined for California now and then, 12.5 million or more of those are illegally kept illegally on the shelves of border states, making the market business volatile  and breaking down in twists and turns along the way.
The bitter conflict between illegal and permitted marijuana use has resulted in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection taking marijuana stocks directly from growers to retailers and eventually pushing companies under the influence of hundreds of federal laws and regulations.
This is truly a financial gap for growers, Trump State Department Director Michael Barone told reporters this summer.
The annual report released this fall with the American Cannabis Industry Association estimates that the major pharmaceutical companies are remaining cautious about distributing marijuana, fearing the importation of 24.6 million ounces of the drug into the United States. The report identifies 12 major U.S. companies that pay hundreds of millions of dollars a year in fees to grow and sell marijuana.
The international marijuana market, including most notably Canada, holds the largest total of its kind in the world, and it was profitable, according to the report.
But the reports dont include the analysis of federal laws governing the exports of marijuana to other countries, including the U.S. DEA, which maintains a solid track record of dealing with US companies. At the time of this article, the agency wasnt divulging much information about its successful marijuana use efforts  with growing, for example, indicating that US growers were still operating operations to the exclusion of the government  but the report shows that those efforts arent dead, in part because the feds dont actively enforce marijuana laws against California growers.
When choosing growers, growers typically pick from the nations best, most sophisticated cannabis, using plenty of medications. Nationally, however, the U.S. ranks fourth in overall marijuana availability in terms of drug intoxication severity, according to the DEA, which sources the biggest, most unpredictable part of the countrys marijuana market.
Producers can still find and collect a good share of revenue from the legal cannabis industry outside their borders, the report says. While growers of US exports were nowhere near the top of the list of affected sectors, many suggested other pathways.
In the meantime, growers are still getting a share of the illicit profits going to a lot of U.S. drug stores. Thats because of the large number of illegal drugs being exported to five different states  including Georgia, South Carolina, Texas, Florida, and Oklahoma  which makes marijuana smuggling easily hazardous for any one person.
Read a story on how major drug stores in California pay for years of federal law enforcement response to marijuana transfers.
