Despite widespread fear and opposition, marijuana legalization has benefits for the American people.
Ivo Ng, a senior fellow at the California-based Center for Science in the Public Interest, reports that Federal policy enforcement actions led by the U.S. attorney general and the U.S. attorney generals office are still directing marijuana companies to change their marketing practices. He says this means that companies like Facebook and Apple could be facing additional penalties and additional regulatory guidance from the federal government.
Fifty-seven percent of Americans say marijuana should be completely illegal.
Ng isnt alone. And since he writes the article, he also found that only 8 percent of Americans have said they support or favor legalization.
Americans are more likely to be backed by leaders in government and law enforcement than they are by younger generations, who are a bit less likely to support it or to think it should be completely illegal. Americans ages 19 to 35 are least likely to support or favor legalization. And yet, nearly three-quarters of millennials support or favor legalization, according to The Journal.
Ng notes that conservatism is often counter to conservative thinking on marijuana; its seen as anti-constitutional, but he also points out that among millennials, 84 percent say they support or favor legalization and just more than 80 percent say theyre opposed.
Many longtime Democratic leaders have criticized marijuana legalization, including Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who led calls for reform of federal marijuana laws.
Sanders addressed the issue in a video posted on his campaign site Saturday. Im urging people in Congress, on both sides of the aisle, to pass leadership bills to legalize marijuana, he said. Heres one that will generate more freedom for young people and more peace for people, Mr. Chairman, than trying to change the DEA, Im asking people. Please pass legislation.
Sanders also urged Democrats to reconsider their stances on marijuana, noting that Our goal is to show the American people that people can change the country.
Millennials are the first group among millennials to say they support or oppose legalization. Nearly four-in-ten millennials (58 percent) believe they support or favor legalization and just 46 percent (55 percent) say they oppose.
This article originally appeared on The Atlantic.
