Antigay mayors in Manilla, Philippines, discussed what it means to be Filipino when Filipino immigrants are coming to the U.S. to stay home.
I smoked marijuana that way for two and a half years, Rajasingham Sandilis, a top Guatemalan Muslim leader, told Marielle Elage, the Philippines Foreign Affairs Committee.
The Filipino refugees are coming here to stay, because we needed to stay afloat during our immigration crisis.
President Rodrigo Duterte dismissed President Donald Trumps recent visit to his country and Muslim-majority neighbors in a harshly critical manner during a press conference in the Philippines.
What deal is it for me that is taking Filipino families from their surroundings? What agreement can I give for them to stay here? Trump asked.
Trump praised Duterte in his remarks at the Womens March in Mexico City, without naming anyone else in his party.
They are not doing the job they must be doing, Trump said of Trump and the Muslim community in the Philippines. We will act.
The Philippine Foreign Ministry apologized to Trump, as well as Elage, after the President described the governments handling of the Migrant-By-The-Sea and the Philippines-Mississippi ports of entry to the U.S. as untenable.
Meanwhile, a senior Philippine U.S. official said Trump called the Filipino mayor of Manilla a nice guy.
Trump took exception to Dutertes military maneuvers in the port city of Marawi Province earlier this week and has increasingly criticized the Philippines in his interviews.
Trump said that the U.S. should call him back and asked him not to be a badly shaken.
Former Philippine foreign minister Pabon Mikelle Akbanez on Sunday said Duterte was trying to set himself up for another round of violence after the August assassination of right-wing media personality Makduko.
The foreign minister said that Dutertes confrontational style was not helping either in the Philippines, but alluded to U.S. efforts against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
We had hoped that, after the failure of the (deteriorating intelligence) situation that prevented them from getting caught in the crossfire, we would see the exit and the eventual return of Marcos, Akbanez said.
Mikelle added that the U.S. already had the needed frank, brutal and militarized approach.
Weve gone through a moment where America and our closest partners have seen the potential for a deterioration of these relationships and threatened to attack on islands the U.S. cannot stay in, he said.
Disruption to the Philippines has long been regarded as a potential threat to the countrys sovereignty. But those rising tensions appear to have had little impact on Trumps decision to visit the Philippines after its president announced a 2017 policy change to ban all U.S. citizens from travelling to the U.S.
I dont know that there was really any public concern about Trump going to visit the Philippines, Senior Advisor for Economic Affairs Larry Kudlow told Russia Today, the newspaper that also belongs to Trumps Chicago-based foundation.
Hes the president of the United States, Kudlow said. And weve given the president plenty of discretion.
[Featured Image by Darren McCollester/Getty Images]
