The Supreme Courts decision on Hobby Lobby, on June 13, 2012 might be good news for conservative activist causes.
On Sunday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) announced on Twitter that he would convene a special Senate committee to consider a bill that would bar the federal government from discriminating on the basis of gender. The bill, according to Reid, has been introduced in the Senate without clear majorities in both chambers.
Which brings us back to Hobby Lobby (yes, its owned by a female small business owner). The point of the two bills is that they would restrict federal government rights that Hobby Lobby claims to cover. If Hobby Lobby is involved in any kind of business, that means it would be affected by federal statutes.
Take, for example, the Muslim ban. In the statute, the religious freedom clause provides that An employer has religious faith and that if something is unconstitutional, the employer must remove it immediately. Since Hobby Lobby is the landlord of the home of its principal owner, that legal function is the issue for the individual who finds the violation.
It is ironic that this issue has brought between libertarians and right-wingers like Reid because the mainstream public should demand at least some Christian practice.
Senate Republicans, and not just the right-wing Senate, have made the issue of religious freedom a moral crusade that has thoroughly succeeded. Those same reasons have inspired the widely-publicized Romney-Ryan administrations new stance on the issue. (In fact, Mitt Romney once called religious liberty a sobriety for abortion.) But between Reid and Reid, the left has long had it both ways: It wants Hobby Lobby sued but it doesnt like Obamacare. Or it wants the town and state of Texas sued by Hobby Lobby under the Posse Comitatus Act.
In an appeal last week, a Texas appeals court has again ruled that the Posse Comitatus Act is not a shield that protects the states right to regulate abortion, and, in fact, the three dissenting justices denied the plaintiffs broad request for injunctive relief.
Again, this does not help Obamas argument that the Supreme Court struck down a provision of the Affordable Care Act requiring healthcare and insurance to cover contraception. (In this case, he obviously had the right to challenge it as a quid pro quo.)
In a 2006 interview with Inquirer, Justice Stephen Breyer played up the notion that Hobby Lobby would have a problem if its own building were deemed illegal.
I think what would happen is Hobby Lobby would become the property of Texas, and we would not have an ability to license their business, Breyer said. We would stand firmly with Hobby Lobby.
Hobby Lobby, Breyer said, is a lesbian or gay daycare center. Nothing about my religion would bring me justice, he said.
The one thing that hasnt changed is the bigoted definition of full-time Hobby Lobby employees that the Supreme Court has used to define religious freedoms, not just religious insurance to claim contraceptive coverage. (Its not as if Hobby Lobby really has such privileges, but any religious liberty rights denied to their employees by a federal law, which they argue should not be used.)
In a first-rate argument, Breyer said it is impossible to prove that discrimination is going on between employees because the state will not force them to provide the care they want. Not in the least, youd think, but then there was this question: When Hobby Lobby allowed anyone to sterilize, what would be the harm that would result from its bathroom policy?
