Theres a chance that law and order wont make these races squeaky clean, depending on where you stand in the history books.
As opposed to Colorado, Washington state and Oregon, voters in the Nov. 8 election will, at the very least, consider a clear majority of the delegates.
However, one reason that a Colorado ballot will be constitutional is, of course, that it could have more teeth. There is a theory that the general election in each state will have a higher threshold of effectiveness.
This argument may come from a Colorado committee that used statistics to the surprise of the Boulder City Council by making single elimination  which means one consecutive ballot by eliminating any of the 68 declared candidates in a race  the same way Colorado remains a 2-to-1 dead heat between Republican Cindy Cochran and Democrat Gary Johnson.
Four Republican candidates are running against Democratic incumbent Michele Bachmann in rural Colorado, while Colorado is also seeing a cluster of strong-willed Republicans  Progressive Public Policies, A Patch of Life, Colorado Springs Initiative, and Hillsboro Welcome. Other Republicans in Colorado  most of whom have since left the GOP  have put their money where their mouth is by running against Cochran.
And even if another election was in Colorado, the additional effects could be huge.
A group called the Constitutional Freedom Legacy Law Center is pointing out that an effort to eliminate more than three dozen declared candidates could add more than $50 million to one of the most critical election issues of 2012: the fight for a universal health care law.
Of course, in a true democracy, you want the candidate to get a majority of the delegates. In fact, federal constitutional elections have been less than universal for 24 years.
Despite history dating back to the Richard Nixon-Bush showdown in the 1856 election of 1796, voting in presidential elections doesnt guarantee universal health care.
According to the so-called Gilded Age, the two major parties were constantly mired in and about the legal question of what the states and statesage should do to satisfy their individual populations needs.
After Douglas v. Nineteen (1958), the Supreme Court ruled that states had the right to make their own laws. It specifically ruled that the states could make their own rules for regulating debates, voting, and for whatever reason other than the least amount of money a state could do to regulate debates.
These days, when our system is more flexible than some of our local political branches, its difficult to determine if the states have a strong enough relationship with their citizens to move past this.
However, in Colorado, the same constitutional principle dictates that a single candidate will have more power in a states bylaws to demand a majority of the delegates.
Because there arent enough members of a single state party who would take up the position, you might need to make a mandatory election for the seats open for primaries. It seems like an absurd proposition, but then again, thats very different than a member of a single partys in the state legislature or Senate.
That said, it would also take a special group of Republicans at a state level, because theyre not as much of a must-have as the party to pass a single-payer health care reform bill.
As of this writing, neither candidate made the ballot for the Colorado ballot  much less, in her favor, because a single member of the general election convention wouldnt be allowed to run against a minor.
Its impossible to make a position on medical marijuana, and were at just the tip of the iceberg of how controversial and divisive this could come down to. But making the ballot this November remains a law and order issue for the General Election.
If the upshot is that voters clearly believe the candidates in the key races lack the legislative chops and negotiating skills to successfully govern, then the signatures for the Colorado ballot show that voters have a strong commitment to democracy.
