>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Marijuana, LSD, and psilocybin for instance have no addictive effectsI didn't say that all were addictive but there are negative effects, being in an altered state makes you fundamentally less productive and for children who are still developing these can have negative effects. Hallucinogens have some potential for therapy in small amounts but people can also have very bad experiences from them and get PTSD when using them on their own.>Who are you to tell people what they can put in their own body.
>>> DATE: 00-2-2015
>>> TEXT: >Not all drugs are addictive. Marijuana, LSD, and psilocybin for instance have no addictive effectsI didn't say that all were addictive but there are negative effects, being in an altered state makes you fundamentally less productive and for children who are still developing these can have negative effects. Hallucinogens have some potential for therapy in small amounts but people can also have very bad experiences from them and get PTSD when using them on their own.>Who are you to tell people what they can put in their own body. Who am I to tell people they can't murder each other, or steal, I'm just trying to look out for the best interests of people and our laws should be too.>Prohibition of alcohol and the tens of thousands who have been murdered due to the drug wars have proven prohibition doesn't work and is ineffective. I didn't advocate for that, I said I supported decriminalization, but I still think that there should be mandatory rehabilitation and that there are ways you can try and cut off supplies.>Tell me this, if the government can't prevent drugs from entering and circulating maximum security prisons how do you propose they do it out here? Obviously they can't prevent that 100% but they can still prevent it somewhere. Jesus christ you libertarians are stupid.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: It is good and evil to take the side of those who harm others from a vaccine induced problem
Talking drug of choice for the wrong cause I learnt it is good to take the side of those who harm others from a vaccine induced problem.
Unfortunately, I didn't believe people who experimented on my child today would do it again or the harm I had caused them has been detected. I did educate people on medicinal use of marijuana, methamphetamine, and peri-psilocybin.
MY first prescription of cannabis was for symptoms of inflammation and reactions but on the other hand I missed the beneficial effects of the drug for such a long time. My friend Marie from London told me the migraines were just as serious and I asked her why.
Yet I didn't take any information out of the children who were so ignorant on medicinal uses of cannabis, and wrote down the positive things that she had learned from her research about medicinal use of cannabis, even if this information came directly from others.
The simple truth is that someone who has an addictive drug will generally do well once they get it with the other ingredients. And without a prescription, they wouldn't be overdoing it. For any adults, their parents or friends, who do a lot of drugs, many are probably too ignorant to understand what is wrong with them and the drugs to do nothing about it.
However, in these days of drug addiction it is best to avoid alcohol, painkillers, pain relievers and psychedelics such as tequila, the latter more toxic than marijuana, and drugs known as terpenes tend to lead to powerful and long lasting reactions in a manner that is at odds with what is available in the marketplace.
Things go wrong with these drugs when cannabis is both unregulated and unregulated in a way we rarely hear about because they are illegal. It has the potential to create a brain, which was destroyed by psychotic lovers who drank and smoked it for months on end.
Before many people have their worst experience of cannabis in their parents they should have their best chance of buying it and making more of it to stop the drug from developing in the first place.
As much as there are people who go on drugs they become addictive and make you feel great, they start to have negative feelings.
Being in school or driving around in the morning, or while going to school, does not have an addictive effect that will ruin your child's life or their studies. I felt glad I never took an overdose because of the pain and brought more happiness to myself and my family.
As I have written before, it is important that anyone who has someone who has ever done drugs of choice take steps to reduce his or her risks of opioid dependence by monitoring their cell phone activity and taking random medication. That includes talking to experts to find out what risks are present in your loved one, and getting advice from doctors to prescribe less harmful medications.
The biggest problem with these drugs is that they have no stimulant and can take a long time to free up energy and increase protein production. We treat alcohol consumption as a part of a normal life; heroin users are not drug users, alcohol use is not a problem, and there are no known adverse side effects from legal methods such as smoking cigarettes.
A good education is necessary before you get in the habit of engaging in regular drugs of choice such as heroin and other painkillers. For people who do use opiates like Xanax and Molly, or opium, heroin is safer than legal street drugs such as Oxycontin and Vicodin and will help heal chronic pain and anger management.
One of the best educational articles I wrote in 2014 about these activities was Rosalind Denton's Curious Citizenship, which talked about personal experiences for kids who are addicted to substances.
My first prescription of cannabis was for symptoms of inflammation and reactions and was an educational exercise.
As the pain grew, I realized how many other people around me had similar experiences. Having witnessed it firsthand I realised that it is hard not to get sick, especially with the regular dose of opioids.

>>> COSINE: 0.25800881720707647

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: It goes either way, a pro marijuana organization isn't going to pay for clinical trials that they think will show harmful benefits of cannabis consumption. It does have proven health benefits though, It's nausea, pain, and anxiety reducing qualities alone are enough for most to consider it medically valuable. With the rate that opiates and other dangerous drugs are getting doled out to people I don't see anyway you can consider that okay but scoff at marijuana being medicine That said, I think as far as drugs go marijuana is the lesser of all evils.
>>> DATE: 00-7-2015
>>> TEXT: I have to agree about the constant slew of studies that come up with new health benefits. Seems a bit fishy to me. Groups that fund studies usually have an agenda, and that alone is enough to skew studies towards finding results they deem desirable. It goes either way, a pro marijuana organization isn't going to pay for clinical trials that they think will show harmful benefits of cannabis consumption. It does have proven health benefits though, It's nausea, pain, and anxiety reducing qualities alone are enough for most to consider it medically valuable. With the rate that opiates and other dangerous drugs are getting doled out to people I don't see anyway you can consider that okay but scoff at marijuana being medicine That said, I think as far as drugs go marijuana is the lesser of all evils. Alcohol and tobacco have a long track record of being more harmful in terms of health and domestic violence, alcohol especially seems like something society could do without. If somebody out there smokes a joint and watches TV instead of drinking a fifth and starting a fight I would consider that a good thing. People are always going to want to get high and alter their consciousness and weed seems to be the safest way to do that at this point in time. Legalizing it just takes money from the cartels and back to the people, in the form of taxes and small business. Marijuana being illegal didn't really stop people from smoking, just like prohibition didn't stop alcohol consumption. Allowing the government to regulate the industry makes sure you know what you are smoking, as well.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: There are undeniable evidence cannabis is effective for patients suffering from anxiety and pain. Marijuana use in all but one form of pain relievers and other medicines is largely unreliable and in the midst of extended, unpredictable times the two saw or mentioned the future of that argument. (The UK's version of euthanasia has reported that 34% of its patients as a group still would be entitled to terminally ill diagnoses and euthanasia, regardless of whether or not they choose to live.) Other research shows cannabis products produced as part of industry in Canada include a range of THC-based, THC-based, THC-based, or CBD products. Using CBD, it is found in marijuana plants that are naturally a plant, infused with a CBD compound. Cannabis is a completely different animal but produces full CBD, and it was human brain's potential to diagnose and treat pain that allowed research into CBD products to be done. After making some serious, detailed hay in this road taking pursuit, cannabis is now being sold by some companies that are on the cutting edge of neuroscience-based clinical studies. In addition to cannabis and the opioid issue and ecstasy, some of the most popular products include a range of medicines that aim to make people more resilient to dealing with pain and far more sophisticated solutions that actually help with issues as complicated as illness and mental illness. It seems the real power of cannabis and the poverty of people with chronic pain – this has long been revealed to be about health and its treatment impacts. Thanks for your scientific interest.
Holiness Treat Your Pain Holiness are things that experts recommend much of the time but on the other hand you won't probably talk about so I'm going to deal with this anyway, talking about it really difficult (unless you're on medication) and speaking about it more in the past it may seem like "to me medicinal cannabis" – the fact that I'm making this person argue that the subjects of my work, should be released on medical marijuana, it isn't. Granted I can't mention it I'm writing this, but as someone who uses my work to stop methadone and other forms of prescription medication I can agree there is tremendous health damage done to a person given a choice. I'll be there to help anybody, I just don't know how to properly praise the scientific work done so far, so I'm not going to end up acknowledging it but it does have to do with adverse health outcomes. It's not going to help them to get treatment, it's not going to help them get the necessary time and effort in people who use it to get off that medication, and it will definitely be harmful. As I've said before, another reason to move forward with a medical study like the one that's going on here is not so much getting knowledgeable about the legalization of cannabis – not actually, but in terms of paying for a study like the one done in England, so that it's backed up by true and documented science – it should be necessary if they want a study like the one you're referring to so they don't want to come up with money to fund such studies.
Obviously in my experience the two areas of research done in the United States on cannabis impacts harm less far and far. Not that I'm personally mad because I don't believe each of these studies is valid at all. In addition I'm in the wrong area of research and think science isn't comprehensive. I'm fascinated by how well these things come together. It could be that well being concerned about this would help stem some of the other illnesses that it potentially could also treat, including insomnia, mood problems, prostate cancer, anxiety and a number of other diseases, so this study is really interesting. People in developing countries with some form of epilepsy, for example, will come forward to provide medical data, so I would put it off as a viewpoint. They may not like it; they just have more studies to do and they'll pay for one more where they won't have this benefit until they do that. I can't make those numbers call me a expert, but I can certainly see them saying that this is as positive as the medical studies are capable of making it.

>>> COSINE: 0.30863959851404715

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: So reading the first quarter of so of Scalia's piece and the blog, it seems their (the majority's) main rationale hinges on that they believe that California's marijuana market (in this case) interferes with federal regulations of interstate commerce (illegal drug trade). The question to me is whether this interference is really substantial enough to warrant such a potential expansion of powers of the Commerce Clause.
>>> DATE: 00-6-2016
>>> TEXT: So reading the first quarter of so of Scalia's piece and the blog, it seems their (the majority's) main rationale hinges on that they believe that California's marijuana market (in this case) interferes with federal regulations of interstate commerce (illegal drug trade). The question to me is whether this interference is really substantial enough to warrant such a potential expansion of powers of the Commerce Clause. I think the reality is that creating a legal medical marijuana market *does* have an impact on the marijuana supply in other states as well. It creates a legal market for a previously illegal good within California. However, this good is easily transferable to out of state (it's not like marijuana expires; and if a medical marijuana license was as easy to obtain as it is today, then the restrictions wouldn't prevent out of staters from getting a license). As such, to me it seems understandable at face value that SCOTUS would be concerned about an over extension of a state's ability to impact out of state markets through such a legalization. Furthermore, since the time of the ruling, what qualifies as interstate commerce has only become more complicated with the advances in technology which have taken place which make it even easier to order goods from out of state. Does the ruling open a potential pandora's box of extending federal government power over the commerce clause? The way that the majority opinions seem to state it, it doesn't necessarily. They leave it rather vague, and seem to only validate such a ruling for a case dealing with specific markets such as illegal substances.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: That said, it appears Scalia wasn't the first prominent figure to take a position in the court that lends clerestory possible grounds for expansion of powers of the Commerce Clause by clamping down on the availability of intoxicants at a point of medicinal abuse. Here's a sampling of quotes from them…
A guy who thinks he can only pick up something that doesn't violate his drug policy could be considered a federal criminal. That's the prevailing thinking from many in the political right. There are people in this court thinking (that should apply to myself, too) that the gentry (control-grabbing surly) represents a disordered state of affairs. There are those arguing that if Scalia were to rule this way it would very quickly become clear to me that the federal government would restrict access to such things as mass incarceration and public school curriculum. But he already has. There would be a lot of states and some really, really strong objections to his ruling. But any number of states would be very likely to side with the man, rather than overturn his ruling.
There are other conservatives arguing that if there is a widespread demand for marijuana in the United States this would give our government too much power and reach too far ahead of state drug policies. I don't mean to deny someone's right to do whatever they please, but it would be very much within the bounds of their meaning and needs. Thus this can't come up as a certainty. It is a quasi-question for everyone to consider, but the only reason I don't believe anyone has a legal right to possession of unadulterated marijuana is that they are going to be making a decision that's impervious to their laws.
Some individuals in this court's thinking have expressed intense opposition to the federal enforcement of marijuana laws. Remarks from jurists such as Justices Samuel Alito and Sandra Day O'Connor highlight the damage that the federal prosecutions and government-sponsored mass incarceration of people seeking marijuana possession points to. The question is whether we have the power to arrest, search and ultimately imprison these individuals as marijuana traffickers. They are not just repeating the same choice made by President Obama the other day. The federal state marijuana laws have already targeted thousands of individuals and businesses. It is a big issue for the courts and an area of law that isn't likely to change anytime soon.
The financial rationale that this comes down to is not likely to change. For those of you who track the transaction between the purchase of a computerized screwdriver and the purposes of making it, you might be forgiven for thinking that it's just the virtual lender trying to get you to buy the printer right now. It's just not the case. There is a market in that kind of stuff. The financial and legal benefits of marijuana remain both strong arguments. And there is no question, of course, that if consumers wanted to get someone to buy them, they would have done so and shouldn't have needed the previous wave of easy-to-access criminalization.

>>> COSINE: 0.3413904377888429

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: "Spice", for example, is billed as a *legal alternative* to marijuana. And bath salts, for example, are billed as a *legal alternative* to cocaine and amphetamines. And how do I know all of this? Because of Portugal. Portugal decriminalized all drugs in 2001. And now they proudly report the fewest users of these "new drugs" among all countries with data tracking "new drug" users.
>>> DATE: 00-11-2016
>>> TEXT: Of course not, scrub. The Cartels would do as the Mafia did: use their money, power and influence to reestablish themselves as legitimate business operations. And no, scrub. No. They can not "compete" with legal drugs by simply introducing new legal drugs. That is not how chemistry works. There is no "new and improved" version of heroin, for example. There is only more milligrams of the molecule or less milligrams of the heroin molecule... Or krokodil, which provides a similar high at the cost of melting your skin off... but people will make krokodil and will buy krokodil *because it's legal* and they can't get heroin. So. ironically, prohibition is what gives rise to your so-called "new drugs", because "new drugs" are means to circumvent detection through cheap, dangerous, experimental knock-offs. "Spice", for example, is billed as a *legal alternative* to marijuana. And bath salts, for example, are billed as a *legal alternative* to cocaine and amphetamines. And how do I know all of this? Because of Portugal. Portugal decriminalized all drugs in 2001. And now they proudly report the fewest users of these "new drugs" among all countries with data tracking "new drug" users. Krokodil, Spice and Bath Salts aren't a big problem in Portugal, because Portuguese people can more safely use heroin, cannabis and cocaine.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The following article was written by Emilio Mateo
The image of a court with a man with his teeth pinned behind him should have been famous in the 1920s. But life is different now in Portugal (for it's legal to make synthetic cannabis), which is why it hasn't come up for a licensing drive this year.
Portugal
The country is currently decriminalizing possession of cannabis for medicinal use, as seen in the cities of Lisbon and Castilla. The reform is also drawing criticism, with some claims it could lead to the introduction of legal hemp products, which are less ready to be grown than when harvested from the ground. But there's a word for those fears.
Interestingly, a Portuguese Medicine Association report, including a link between the reports, says marijuana is also safer for humans than cocaine, a mixture of sexting, addictive gambling and criminal activity.
Another reason might be that our beliefs about the link between them (kinesis, sexting, drugs) are based on outdated assumptions. "I don't understand how you could simply try and measure interest in marijuana from an economic point of view," Professor Ben Woeller, a physician at Befrein is quoted as saying in the report.
Worse still, we used to tell people to come and medicate for other things, which makes us hypocrites
"There are many reasons for cannabis, and although it is safe, it is unclear what the actual effects would be on humans. And the decision to medicate is perhaps more scientifically oriented, because the brains of some patients have the same problems as the brains of other populations," is concluded.
What's interesting, however, is that over 40% of these studies were published in the press, not in the mainstream media, nor did they show how well people actually feel about both drugs. And generally, we do learn something new.
"Perhaps that explains why there are still 20 years of coverage of marijuana as the subject of science fiction, yet "exceptional" to the media. But none of the doltis in drugs control ever says "We just made them safe", it's enough to feel woefully blind."

>>> COSINE: 0.24865874838264793

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I dont think such a fringe case is easily attributable to recreational marijuana. It could be fairly argued that the main issue regarding sugar is the fast food industry, but even if such an argument could be made, it would be pretty diluted at best. Your point for #4, on the other hand, I feel is contradictory with the sugar argument.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2017
>>> TEXT: Hmm, the sugar argument I find pretty persuasive. While its tempting to say we can just ban sugar, or go back to my position on cigarettes/ alcohol, I suppose the only decent justification for the continuing legality of sugar is its relative proximity to being neccesary or unharmed up in our society. It could be possible (though heavily unlikely) that cheap, sugary foods are the only way some impoverished Alaskan people survive. I dont think such a fringe case is easily attributable to recreational marijuana. It could be fairly argued that the main issue regarding sugar is the fast food industry, but even if such an argument could be made, it would be pretty diluted at best. Your point for #4, on the other hand, I feel is contradictory with the sugar argument. If marijuana were to be legalized, you say, the average quality of marijuana sold would go up. But clearly, fast food companies are not selling high quality foods that include sugar. Similarly, the explosion in demand for marijuana after its legalization would likely cause a few shifty producers to make marijuana as cheap as possible. This kind of leads into #5, where a sudden increase in opportunity leads to shady practices. Im not defending McDs or coke as good companies, just that two wrongs dont make a right, and limiting the amount of invasive corporation is probably a good thing. Im convinced at least that it wouldnt be that bad, or at least not as bad as sugar is already, but Im not 100 percent on the justification that we do bad things already, so why not do more, not as bad things?
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Have we missed anything here on health, or having a fatty might that? So what if we in fact are currently boasting that recreational weed will affect the waistline? Or are our deeper concerns about food being too much, or not enough, or not enough, to be worthy of the title of modern-day WHO?
Surely it's obvious that the internet is far more active than usual and often features big names on its front page, and a few of them aren't getting any coverage on their website. But the much more so public debate surrounding the matter will not be over here. Many people will see the argument for and against the cannabis industry as unlikely, and only because they just don't have a track record of having created such a fertile ground for the findings.
Will we be happy to pick up on any anecdotes like the one around the middle of this week that are just plain plain untrue? It's coming: the headlines like this: “Golden Cup & Nicera #100 leaf, only cannabis was legal in San Francisco.” “Good news for cannabis advocates!” “Restaurants fear legalisation of #cannabis due to surge in cannabis sales.” “Legalisation is on the horizon,” “Deal keeps New Yorkers out of city”, and so on.
And therein lies the rub. This is not just the widespread fear for the industry and the general national picture. Some of the authors seem to have moved on from previous work, and are quickly retreating again. All of them seem to have moved on to work.
Is there anything more distressing, and perhaps more damaging, in the way that the folk that contribute to it are supposed to present themselves in the way they present themselves and what they say? Is that how a bunch of “light-hearted” exponents of a healthy lifestyle feel? Does anyone really believe them anymore? If they're indeed the peddlers who believe that they're the problem here, don't they feel they should stop selling, and just accept?
Once again, the argument takes a back seat to that of “cannabis” and health. Or, to put it like this, marijuana is rarely widely used, but there is a debate about whether a growing number of independent dispensaries have a right to market their products like wine, beer and mayonnaise. In fact, the impact on health of the synthetic cannabis industry is immeasurable.
So how would the arguments over these challenges in state legislatures work? The answer is very complicated. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 0.4 percent of the population has marijuana. Today it's 2.7 percent. Several states have passed laws that protect these users against legal dangers for marijuana use. There is none for recreational use. And those in favor of medical marijuana generally like the idea of supporting the industry, rather than stigmatising it.
But may the argument be a little hard to win over? Who cares about convictions, discretion, and occasional joy-filled moments? So far, most states have pursued new laws to protect patients from pot and marijuana from cannabis. But there is significant opposition to this law, which involves the presumption that people on medical/non-medical grounds and whoever's in the position to sign up to it must be careful to avoid being too much in the wrong, nor having ulterior motives.
But the evidence on popularity and policy has proved very poorly and is simply not compelling. This newspaper points out that while the documentary film clip about the Marihuana Marketplace in Boston was quite widely circulated, only 36 people of that population tested positive for marijuana.
Ultimately, it takes the very best arguments on both sides to win and to see the arguments re-emerge. And it's very difficult to get away from such pitting.
I understand that some "obey-up" rumours can be over the line, but I don't like being woken up at 7am by dizzying science surveys and convinced I can no longer rely on any of them for information. And those were only the movies in which the argument over coffee careered off into the sticky pot. There may be more “good news” than worse. But we have a long way to go before we can say “anymore”.
www.whitewine.com
Share this: Tweet

>>> COSINE: 0.21456576089727172

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I'm not saying that marijuana businesses won't succeed. I said that the economy won't tremendously improve once it becomes illegal. There's a fine difference between those two statements. Breweries don't just hand out beer to their employees. That's a no brainer. They're selling that product for a profit, and employees also know that drinking on the job at a vast majority of places would get them fired.
>>> DATE: 00-11-2017
>>> TEXT: I'm not saying that marijuana businesses won't succeed. I said that the economy won't tremendously improve once it becomes illegal. There's a fine difference between those two statements. Breweries don't just hand out beer to their employees. That's a no brainer. They're selling that product for a profit, and employees also know that drinking on the job at a vast majority of places would get them fired. And marijuana businesses don't operate just fine. Just like every other work place there are a lot of bad things going on behind the scenes. Your local news can tell you more about that. Also, are you trying to suggest that marijuana alone is the determining factor of crime rates? That's a straw man argument and an incredibly narrow minded statement. There are far more factors than a single substance that can determine that. Also, [Washington's marijuana related crime rates are unchanged]() despite how they legalized it. Once again, a simple news lookup can tell you that. And if you actually continued to read the entire site, there are clear long term effects listed as well. How can I expect to have a logical and sound argument with you when you cherry pick your evidences and twist your opponent's evidences and words. Until you change this, I refuse to continue debating with you. Goodbye.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: In 2014 - the year the US passed a law that allows states to let doctors prescribe marijuana for certain conditions, including cancer, drowsiness and erectile dysfunction. After four weeks, you had a problem. The result: a $10 million fine.
In 2014, the year of legalization, is one that has almost triggered a gigantic production surge in small, artisanal craftshops, and not one. Agribusiness, the third sector of the economy - which includes everything from wood products to carpenters - was the biggest winner of the legalization period. It sparked a new wave of artisanal craft startups all over the world, as it means that practically no one else had anything to do with it.
Now, a new batch of companies is ready to go along with some of the deals: small businesses born out of desperation have the right to try to cash in on the drug, just like anywhere else: as small businesses compete to maintain the integrity of the land, particularly before the six-month testing period expired.
Those artisanal businesses will create the shape of a New York with the economy intact, producing goods that could be sold back, but not for long, amid the shifting political landscape of the US and why he has traditionally been a star performer.
There's a small circle of entrepreneurs, which is not easily integrated into most businesses, who often just want to make an extra buck and a friend from work. That's good. It's a noble business objective, perhaps one that should never be overlooked when it comes to valuing workers and their livelihoods.
The mega-regulatory certainty, thanks to the rapid expansion of state medical marijuana regulations, has once again made that route - which had previously served as a roadblock for smaller artisanal crafts - possible. But why was my reputation so high? Wasn't it an opportunity to become one of the giants of the craft business? For one thing, small businesses don't have the same insider networks as the corporate class, which tends to favor big names like Apple, Microsoft, Google and Facebook. While little is being built - or changed - these do belong to the elite. While large, well-known names like Amazon or Starbucks or IBM might face legal scrutiny, small-time artists like myself always start or close to the likes of Amazon and Wells Fargo, which usually have our passports.
Globally, entrepreneurial jobs are actually disappearing. The bottom line here is that the middle class isn't valued as much as they once were. And many more are unable to make a living by manufacturing the things they invented or learned to make with a certain skill. Nobody, including me, speaks up about the economic and social factors in that position. They just say, "I'm not saying we won't develop all the innovative craft that we knew we could create."
The best way to find out is to check your payroll records, and don't have to. They just don't have a sales team. And while this might sound preposterous, the only way we can get a piece of this noise is to be overconfident in our predictions of what the new law might do and the mass acceptance that will come from small businesses.

>>> COSINE: 0.17451199760098354

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Its literally the exact same thing.> Why is alcohol legal while marijuana is not? Why is ecstasy and LSD outlawed? Just because society tells us it is okay, does not mean that it is. More faux concern. You know the answers to those questions.> We had slavery as long as we had alcohol. Total non sequitur. Alcohol isnt going anywhere.
>>> DATE: 00-1-2018
>>> TEXT: Youre way overstating it. As I said in my original response to you, youre being hyperbolic. You have a major issue with something that normal people dont, and, like most immature people, you lash out at them, you externalize it, instead of owning it as your problem.> That does not mean that society doesn't have an issue. An issue that you would not give two fucks about it you didnt have severe anxiety even being around alcohol. > Society should change for itself. Don't be so disingenuous. Do you not know how transparent youre being here? Do you really think anyone reading this would believe that was your real concern?> Poison. A substance that attacks your brain and can easily kill you. More exaggeration. Is that what youre worried about? Really? Do you know how much alcohol it would take to kill you? Easily or otherwise? Orders of magnitude more than what your average person drinks in any given situation. But thats not the issue. You cant even be around a person having a glass of wine, right? > Your hypothetical of a person who is afraid of dogs is a straight up fallacy and I can't even begin to address it. Its literally the exact same thing.> Why is alcohol legal while marijuana is not? Why is ecstasy and LSD outlawed? Just because society tells us it is okay, does not mean that it is. More faux concern. You know the answers to those questions.> We had slavery as long as we had alcohol. Total non sequitur. Alcohol isnt going anywhere. You can either get help for your debilitating anxiety, or continue to anonymously lash out on Reddit, at those who have no problems with alcohol. Your choice.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This week I’ll be taking you to a long but not overt speech of religious significance. I want to bring you closer to the time when those who enjoy liquor as punishment and pardon use it as peace and order to begin some long holiday celebrations. No-one can beat the booze – and some of those celebrating these rituals in their sleep have a strong social bias against alcohol. Instead, they elect to drink more in reaction to changing circumstances and in their mind, which makes them a lot less tolerant, in some cases as you probably know. Few parties survive to the end, and it’s even harder to make friends with your friends of your own intellectual or visual persuasion. Seasoned young people go to party spots now that make up less than 10% of the population. That is not how I see it.
Sooner or later that will change – as it has in both maths and a lot of scholarly literature and scholarly culture and times we are already living in. At the very least, there may be a need for a private and public place as soon as possible to share these experiences. Yet still others are forced to pick up just too little oxygen in the night – sometimes so much that it tears at your already established ego or hurts what good you can accomplish.
This might be for the great causes, but with a bit of awareness, one could even take the seed of the ideas of those I abhor the old things in various ways. There are fun texts about the social values of alcohol and pot. There are men and women rethinking the ways of alcohol and drugs – taping our minds about the road of shame. In many of these conversations, there is the light at the end of the tunnel and an aspiration for change. But there are far more exciting ways to involve ourselves as Homo sapiens in our growing and much more exciting lives, than alcohol and drugs in the narrow circle of politics, dialogue and anthropology.
Back at the bus stop. People ask me where we are from, but I think we are from a few places. Back in the Day of the Indian and Chinese Diaspora. Back in 1967 when the Indian wars were all but over, Indian Gen. Myron Joseph Benben talked to me about his stint in Pakistan. I think he was like that for all of the students in his generation. He met a woman from Tibet. I know both of those kids for a fact. It was at that time that a wave of Indian immigrants to the US first sailed on the Potomac and took over our town.
Back then, I think of you as kind of the agnostic at home, the one with a full faith in the cause of all life in its most nourishing and ignorable conditions, the person who keeps a mental resume with an acre of rice and a trusted family with a waiting list of vital supplies that allow them to ride on the boat and through the mud. All this while you kept putting you into interviews, or even running short stories on the end – these deep and intimate conversations reveal in the writing what you think of the world as a marriage of love and the hopes of its parents, that have eaten the less fortunate into oblivion, that you and your family are destined for the very real threat of more wasted lives, less well fed and more demoralised and unemployed.
Maybe at this point it’s not going to be adequate encouragement for our fledgling novelist/artists in a time of need. But hey, you know who would have a message for us?
Enjoyed this article? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter. Subscribe now!

>>> COSINE: 0.21807805992468385

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Smoke all the pot you want, but there are some drugs that should not be in widespread use. There will always be gangs and shitty people doing shitty things to make money, and I'll agree that some drugs should be legalized and regulated in order to take that revenue source away from the black market and to keep people from being needlessly imprisoned, but by no means should it be all of them.
>>> DATE: 00-7-2018
>>> TEXT: The problem as I see it is that some drugs do constitute a danger to society in and of themselves. Methamphetamine can cause you to completely lose your mind. You will act in ways that you never would sober, and a nonviolent person can become violent as a result. I'm speaking from my own personal experience. I used to be a meth addict and I became totally different from the person I was before over a period of less than six months. I never had a problem with money and I was always able to buy it without any problem. But I became paranoid and dangerous. I became almost exceedingly violent and would go off at the drop of a hat. I once threw someone over my second story balcony because they said "fuck" after I told them not to. I don't remember why I told them not too, and I'm not sure it mattered. At the time I had absolutely no compunction about doing it, and I was totally unconcerned about whether or not the fall would hurt or kill them. Luckily the guy was fine other than some scrapes and bruises, but to be perfectly honest it wouldn't have mattered if I had been living on the 5th or 10th floor. Since I have cleaned up I have never been violent with anyone or been in any trouble of any kind, and it's been more than 17 years. Some drugs turn some otherwise normal people into monsters. At the very least those drugs should be illegal. Smoke all the pot you want, but there are some drugs that should not be in widespread use. There will always be gangs and shitty people doing shitty things to make money, and I'll agree that some drugs should be legalized and regulated in order to take that revenue source away from the black market and to keep people from being needlessly imprisoned, but by no means should it be all of them. Some drugs really do create crime in and of themselves.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: It's a bit complicated, with the FOGN known to include things like hallucinogenic cannabis and LSD in the models of Saturday Night Live. What about marijuana or drugs related to sex? It depends on how you define it and who decides to use it.
So here is one of the more obvious thoughts I read in this piece, and I feel it applies to all sorts of drugs: this is commonly thought of as people who dream up easy-to-use drugs, say drinking tea over gay porn, and making pizza with nachos in the morning. Of course, this is a whole lot different, and it makes me wonder what role the Federal Drug Administration, which is the central FDA regulatory agency, is taking in all of this:
FDA policy-makers have no authority to review and modify drug design, development or safety. Only regulations developed to address drug development, clinical development, safety, compliance, organizational reviews and licensing procedures are appropriate. Of course, FDA policy-makers do not have the power to reinstate prohibitions against drug development based on clinical test results.
Interestingly, I never asked what in the FOGN word legal about recreational marijuana use – especially at this time of year, when the whole cabinet of people likes to say it's a terrible idea, and when we collectively welcome medicinal marijuana in addition to recreational. You know, you save money by doing pot and it makes everyone more money. But they don't give much away: there's no unlimited line items so the FTC has no power to release its medicated records of cannabis use. And the government's reach is limited: there are no guidelines for these labs or that block list of drugs on which you can buy medications in a federal marketplace, which meant that they have no one to base their own conclusions on in public hearings.
Today, I've heard far less from politicians than I have from people who don't have any fun at all from explaining the various ways in which regulators can regulate drugs. But what about the Congress, and what about ICE, just in case you read this by mistake? If you were ever stopped by ICE officers and your name was Solange, and people are finding out your name was Solange Rannoff, imagine the outcry if ICE arrests you without any of these other identifiers, and reports that you were involved in sexual assault? Imagine that. Would the Federal Bureau of Investigation have a small mission in all those people? Would ICE deny that applicant a visa? Think back to its workforce in Tennessee and only six of the Top 100 employees remained. Or let's just say they were never smart enough to care about our job security.
Hey, government isn't supposed to be a resource for free ideas. The Federal Drug Administration is supposed to be a tool for people's very best and most important goal. It has a power to give people access to drugs and drug information in a way that's seemingly free. But it doesn't give anyone power to do it, especially when it's happening on a terrible day. So it's best to play it safe, not so much that we'll be ruined with any new drugs or cops on the streets, but that we become more informed and curious about which drugs we'll hit in the street in the future.
Here's the last thing I want to say about marijuana: it's a great idea, and the Democrats will never be able to force marijuana to be legal again, because they won't support you, so there's a good chance in one way or another we'll have to either be careful with it or open up marijuana. And all of us who would consider making marijuana a reality or a default in drug regulation should rest in peace for a while, that we'll be blowing our hands out of our heads and going crazy all the time.

>>> COSINE: 0.27818056649980777

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I dont think I can convince you that its wrong to legalize, decriminalize weed and I wouldnt try. It probably would be better for the country. A better argument would be the country would be a better place as a whole if inebriating drugs (booze, weed, etc.) didnt exist at all. I know its a silly hypothetical, but if I could go back in time, I would probably be a (slightly) better person today if it werent for the influences of weed, getting drunk and other drugs.
>>> DATE: 00-2-2019
>>> TEXT: I dont think I can convince you that its wrong to legalize, decriminalize weed and I wouldnt try. It probably would be better for the country. A better argument would be the country would be a better place as a whole if inebriating drugs (booze, weed, etc.) didnt exist at all. I know its a silly hypothetical, but if I could go back in time, I would probably be a (slightly) better person today if it werent for the influences of weed, getting drunk and other drugs. This probably applies to most people. For some people they would be completely different if they were only sober. You could even make an argument that inebriating drugs dont improve people in any way really (besides for medicinal purposes). Parties wouldnt be as fun, but thats it. But its hard to argue that in this universe that weed should be illegal considering all the damage the drug war has caused, the havoc its wreaked on the global population, the incarceration rates, the violence, the lies and misinformation. The only possibly valid arguments Ive heard have cited flawed studies, incorrect statistical analysis, and outright lies. Anyway, yeah it would be ultimately good for the country but if we didnt have any of it, it would probably be better for everyone.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: • BBC watch Manu Paigana talk about the case.
Nevermind the fact it's another offence that, while legal, still means you can't be transported to heaven. You are caught in a central location, falling from one side of a sheer wall. They only say that you are on special privileges because you're such a damn thing, but someone else apparently does not have the same privilege when it comes to this matter. To be perfectly honest the situation at hand is rather great. I've done plenty of treatment, taken drugs, I've gotten pretty high in all seriousness. You can write a useful article to you from a pharmacy, but then I feel like I'm a bargain now. The problem is, I don't feel like offering over the counter advice and guidance even remotely worth the effort.
• It sounds like the media must be partially to blame.
At the very least, we don't need a police force that will always point out and probably waffle about what happened but still waiting for all the proper rules.
• My husband is unhappy he should be having sex while his husband is still with him but continues having sex when his wife is still with him. While that would be annoying to both women, I think it might be beneficial for you both. Fuckingly, it really wouldn't be sexually enjoyable. Also, the answer to the question "WHICH YOU SHOULD CHANGE TO?" needs to be answered with some filter before it can start leaking out. If you do choose to talk about how you could better serve the country you love and get married when you are still an adult, by all means do it, but accept that it may not be a good thing for you or for the country at large. If you can give a reasonable answer, don't go back in time. Get the message. Be able to give a reasonable answer just because you know it's actually a good idea in the first place. And if it's a good idea then it's a bad idea.
• I think I know better than you.
• I have written to many people on this matter, including some politicians. I have seen just how easy the process is for a politician to start climbing the mountain without knowing it. Their argument usually depends on their credibility, their skills, or their habit, but only if you are a kindly old old liberal that you take seriously your duty to help the country you love. And by that I mean that honesty happens to everyone. Everyone is on the other side of it, and if one person's opinion is not trusted enough to admit they are wrong. My family and I are on the other side of this because we live with the addiction, as in, in our privacy. We try to stay off booze and drugs at this point. In my opinion, the only reason more people should do this is that the addiction to these drugs like drug play are exactly the same as abuse, except instead of drunkenness and drugs are "going down" the wrong road, alcohol is helping the addict and addicts are far more honest and less trusting.
• Definitely make sure you drink no more than five or six ounces of alcohol a night.
• Never strip naked before your spouse leaves you and that before you walk away.
• Having a baby is not a crime, even though, uh, I have been accused of it already and I told you how well I should have known it when I was pregnant. Yeah, a few times. So, who knows how long I'll keep doing this, anyway. Keep it simple and let the social side of things do the talking. If you're wondering why the social point of "don't strip naked before your spouse gets ready for baby", I don't know why. What I do know is, you probably don't want to be naked during the winter unless you could control your husband, and you need that protection.
• Whatever you want to do with your possessions, people have been devious in getting you to do that.

>>> COSINE: 0.29559533412132083

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news.
>>> DATE: 00-6-2019
>>> TEXT: It looks barbaric to some of us now.>A top Nixon aide, John Ehrlichman, later admitted: You want to know what this was really all about. The Nixon campaign in 1968, and the Nixon White House after that, had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people. You understand what Im saying. We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did. Nixon temporarily placed marijuana in Schedule One, the most restrictive category of drugs, pending review by a commission he appointed led by Republican Pennsylvania Governor Raymond Shafer.[...]()> Los Angeles Police Chief Daryl Gates, who believed that casual drug users should be taken out and shot, founded the DARE drug education program, which was quickly adopted nationwide despite the lack of evidence of its effectiveness. The increasingly harsh drug policies also blocked the expansion of syringe access programs and other harm reduction policies to reduce the rapid spread of HIV/AIDS. > >In the late 1980s, a political hysteria about drugs led to the passage of draconian penalties in Congress and state legislatures that rapidly increased the prison population. In 1985, the proportion of Americans polled who saw drug abuse as the nation's "number one problem" was just 2-6 percent. The figure grew through the remainder of the 1980s until, in September 1989, it reached a remarkable 64 percent  one of the most intense fixations by the American public on any issue in polling history.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 2 years old
Panel says arrests and jail term “could be used as a tool to prosecute citizens for issues of political, policy, or cultural grievance
Self-proclaimed hippies in India have come together and got arrested for planning the 1962 holocaust in the forests of Bodhinagar, the capital city of the Bodh Gaya district.
At a press conference at the state intelligence headquarters, IOSD for Democracy visited multiple cities that were staging demonstrations against the war and black militant groups as well as Aligarh, Tamils, Guruns, and farm labourers belonging to some of India’s largest Hindu groups.
The site was provided to us by Lucknow KMO for political rallies, and we felt betrayed and arrested. We appealed the Delhi police to take our case against us to court.
You can see how Indian politics have changed since then: A revolutionary idea was espoused by a young person-turned-politician, and then by an outsider who founded India in 1970, Andrew Weisz. Weisz founded The communist Stalinist Youth. Stalinism is not a politically correct term, but a very radical concept.
We are not opposed to a well-managed, safe, healthy, and adequate society, but our actions [we are] on the wrong side of history.
2 October was brutal. We can understand any rational response that anger the people. “We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing them,” said Vishnej, coordinator of the campaign Weisz built for the campaign in November. Weisz said while the campaign did not just last six months, it lasted multiple years. While the campaign featured many celebrities, it did not do enough for each individual. Despite a problem of race relations in India, we saw that many people were sick of their conditions and have really tried to ask for change – not just get things done, but get things done.
It does not seem so surprising to us that when you build a media outlet, that’s in. “Before we had these adversarial networks, there were the media ‘news lanes’ and that kind of funding was constant. We created a network of television and radio stations and the internet,” said IOSD for Democracy specialising in communications and human rights.
Weisz’s ideology is this: the democratically elected leader of the Communist People’s Union (CPU) must tell the world that India is in trouble.
This sounds a bit contradictory, but Weisz does not say outright that his plans do not include black extremist groups.
“You can see how Indian politics have changed since then: A revolutionary idea was espoused by a young person-turned-politician, and then by an outsider who founded India in 1970, Andrew Weisz. Weisz founded The communist Stalinist Youth. Stalinism is not a politically correct term, but a very radical concept.”
That ideology is just one part of the equation. With the exception of most of the interviewees I have seen, many of the protests that were happening – on anything from harassing farmers or shooting at police – were confined to local roads and were largely peaceful.
Young people are the majority. Any progressive organization will not fight against the wrongs done, it takes initiatives in addition to thinking like some people think is the “message”. Weisz knows this so well that he always lets people know, before he makes a case, what he knows. He could say things like: “Let us, I must not stand and protest. If India is a big country, we want to come here and observe with the citizens.”
It’s hard to imagine anyone telling the people to leave the party “scary enough”, but still maintaining that we’ve got a way to help everyone.
Vishnej is an intern at the Gashwad forum

>>> COSINE: 0.16507833360295213

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: (You could get around this though by defining a fetus as not a human being, but you do run into the issue of defining human being more clearly) For example, if I gave you the political positions of "I am in favor of legalizing marijuana" and "I am in favor of increasing foreign aid", there isn't generally an issue.
>>> DATE: 00-1-2019
>>> TEXT: Logically you're correct that, no, there is no inherent contradiction between the two positions, but what's notable about the two positions is that particular principles automatically fail because they contradict at least one of the two positions. This is similar to the potential opposite view, being Pro Choice but also Anti Death Penalty. For the first one, you can't hold the principle "Killing another human being is only morally permissible in self defense", because the Death Penalty is not an act of self defense. Similarly, you can't hold the principle if you're pro-choice and anti-death penalty as abortion is not an act of self defense. (You could get around this though by defining a fetus as not a human being, but you do run into the issue of defining human being more clearly) For example, if I gave you the political positions of "I am in favor of legalizing marijuana" and "I am in favor of increasing foreign aid", there isn't generally an issue. Any principle that would support legalizing marijuana will not usually come into conflict with a position regarding foreign aid. But with an issue like Pro-Life vs Pro-Choice and regarding the death penalty, both involve issues of human life directly being killed, so any principles that support one must not come into conflict with the other, or else you risk acting in contradiction to your own beliefs. They may not be contradictory, but they these ideas are in conflict with which principles will allow both.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This comes from an academic paper on how states can cover up to how many deaths they prevent from being caused by violations of state and federal laws
A prestigious research paper claims there's a “simple rule of thumb” when it comes to “definition of human existence” for a given life: that the “human being is within the bounds of marriage”. And really that’s the problem. A 2013 study prepared for the U.K. agency that commissioned the paper — Legacy of Lifelong Freedom — says that the code of discernment and justification behind the violation of marriage laws is so simple that it’s reasonable to “choose the position between the arguments made by many people and the positions of advocates on the other side”.
Keep in mind the decades of anti-homosexual legislation the country has been pursuing and the entire world has been shocked by how quickly the government took on this topic and began to put a strain on relationships, especially in the U.K. in particular. There is now a sizeable restriction for the taking of gay men in some areas, a ban on a certain amount of consensual gay sex in family affairs, a commission in Europe and a bill in the European Parliament of moving same-sex marriage by legislation. The UK has gained a reputation for being more open about their treatment of gay and lesbian people. This helps in respect to the fact that more people in the UK are on “discrimination cover”, not homosexuals themselves. In order to cover up such misconduct by authorities the legal justification will have to be delivered as yet another reason that they will be doing so.
Read our previous columns about this work:
How to follow the definition:
How to circumvent the “delayed point”, like in the U.S., whereby it is necessary to get through an administrative agency for doing the crossing. This policy is designed to circumvent the customary protocol of using the states’ laws as a guide and to straighten out the enforcement plans. The smaller the discretion of the state, the faster the violation will come out. It is a lawful state law. And it is often seen as a barrier to enforcement. The mantra of these state statutes is “stay on.” This is common sense and all too common sense. At least 10 times in the U.K. for example, one minister had a “ban on kissing” against parliament in order to help support financial support for gay couples.
The most likely security balance: would there be armed guards for the invasion of the frontier or would it be in England or Wales where Christians are a minority? If there were those armed guards there could be no indigenous killing or rapes. And, in cases of them being used by cults, that is not good enough.
Alarming breakdown: if you do get attacked in your neighbourhood and you are asked to be a natural test for someone on the same terms as me by the law, it’s likely that you will have been attacked and it’s likely that you will be insulted and then isolated. It is as if you are the only one who has to endure such a crisis.
Your intuition is critical: If the person says something, he needs to be reminded that the person is already engaged in criminal activity — like a prison, not a doctor. This is a reason to keep reminding yourself.
Noise: If you are listening, it’s important to keep asking yourself how many people we listen to when we look into what is going on. And, more importantly, get a clear indication that this information you say may not be accurate. But if someone wants to listen to you, its better to act on it in a manner that is informed and convincing.

>>> COSINE: 0.12354651281161619

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I think federalism is a good compromise because different states have different values.. take for example marijuana. In a unitary system we would not have States were marijuana is legal. That would require congress to approve and right now there is little support among conservatives so at least some liberal states are passing marijuana laws. Since federalism allows states to experiment it leads to congress being able to observe the results.
>>> DATE: 00-9-2019
>>> TEXT: I thought initially you were going to argue for a confederate system but you are basically asking for a unitary system. I think federalism is a good compromise because different states have different values.. take for example marijuana. In a unitary system we would not have States were marijuana is legal. That would require congress to approve and right now there is little support among conservatives so at least some liberal states are passing marijuana laws. Since federalism allows states to experiment it leads to congress being able to observe the results. Eventually marijuana will be legal in all 59 states but if no state took any risk to see what would happen if it was made legal it would take much longer. Same thing with same sex marriage. As late as 2008 a majority of Americans were against same sex marriage but it allowed some states to legalize it and the Supreme Court eventually legalized it everywhere. One recent example is trump wants to get rid of emissions requirements for cars. Basically Obama made a law saying that cars needed to incrementally be more energy efficient. California put up their own emissions requirements so since they are so big car manufacturers are just applying it to all its cars. Trump is currently in a legal battle with California over this issue. If we had a unitary system we States wouldnt be able to put up their own efficiency requirements for cars
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This is not a reality nor is it a fiction, it is in the eternal struggle of Americans. There was the election of Trump, there was the rise of Trumpism, there was the marginalization of conservatives in the senate, and there was a conservative minority in Congress.
The victorious Trump was the elected embodiment of this strange dichotomy, here in America, we have some large, small, liberal states using anti-bureaucratic muscle and their unrealistic, empty dreams of national power and greater government.
On paper we have all the answers, but then not in what is a complex and complicated system of governance, the bureaucracy, the political structures, democracy, and the partisanship that governs politics, legislatures, and oversight.
Politicians, they should have been established many years ago with different virtues, different values, different ideologies, varying set of parameters and assumptions and language and they started out with one goal: to screw, demagogue, ruin, and overthrow the working class.
The one goal of the non-trivialized Communist Party, the baddy who conspired with communists to orchestrate the downfall of the United States and then the Communist League, is the overthrow of the corrupt and corrupt elites, governments, power centers, civil liberties and basic security.
So the first political experiment in modern American society is the systematic overthrow of the system of local government and the marginalization of powerful control over the product and liberties on all levels, including the public goods, including the services.
Here is how you make it happen: elected officials are controlled by local communities, legislatures, governor’s mansions, and senatorial representatives. The federal government is therefore subordinate to local governments and the local control of their official interests.
On the surface we know all the centralized control in our society, but our model still requires redistribution, redistribution of wealth, redistribution of revenues, and redistribution of opportunity.
Take “love thy neighbor” as an example: new universal health care system must be passed, constitutional amendments requiring all individuals to have insurance are written and adopted to discourage the practice of syphoning down benefits. These want to give in to the public demands of people desperate to see if they can get a shot at a new life, because they can’t afford the basic basic necessities that it was not for them.
On the surface, yes but if you cut back the government power you will end up diminishing the aggregate power of one unelected small group of people who purport to be democrats.
The reach of this system, this world of government, is deeply fragmented and often ludicrous, a little like a small non-civilized family looking at the dynamic of various political factions, drawing the outline of a less organized family. We need thoughtful monitoring of how the political norms can be more and more diverse, also changing the model of governance, even recognizing that while one unitary system will have no actual power, the definition of “separate” and “unable” states may differ based on member number, demographic characteristics, hierarchy and interests.
We need a federation of states which coordinates our society. There are state governments that are both conglomerates and supra-royal and quite the cool polytechnic kind of group. There are state and state-specific elections and a constitution that reflects their individual communities and international alliances. You will find too many such councils to really have a role in making a well-rounded state, but there are two possibilities that may emerge, one being pragmatic states like Utah and Vermont that start out producing the goods that everyone needs, that also have direct influence over the results of local races. Each one, however, should be mindful of the differences among its population groups, and that also allows state-level branches of politics.
I could go on and on but my preference is to conserve as much power as possible, limit the right of anyone on any level of government to control every aspect of our society – to subsidize the legislators of our elected representatives, to set the terms of basic liberty in a sound and rational way, to ensure that the state never has too much influence on everything but the economic interests of the state, to not default to the status quo, or to independence.

>>> COSINE: 0.22725922828766293

