>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Brother smokes pot to much? Talk to him, don't pass a law making it illegal to do. A strong central government has never, ever, given the people more rights. It always, always, restricts them. Some people are OK with that idea. In the US, it is proportionately less people OK with that idea than many other countries. Call it a cultural difference.
>>> DATE: 00-2-2008
>>> TEXT: The point is, many Americans realize that the inconveniences of having to much liberty are preferable to the inconveniences of having to little. Not enough do, but some do, and that's better than most places on Earth. Whether it is a war on drugs, or guns, the whole point of liberty, true liberty is being lost on you. If the government has say over very little, society does not have to worry about whether "your" issue of the day is good for them or not. The government simply does not have the power to regulate your life so closely. Abortion, guns, drugs, gay marriage, blah, blah, blah ... All these things have an easy solution. Stop allowing the government to pit large imaginary groups against each other and take the power from the hands of government and give it to people. Daughter wants abortion, talk to her, don't pass a law forbiding it. Son is gay, talk with him, don't pass a law forbidding his marriage. Brother smokes pot to much? Talk to him, don't pass a law making it illegal to do. A strong central government has never, ever, given the people more rights. It always, always, restricts them. Some people are OK with that idea. In the US, it is proportionately less people OK with that idea than many other countries. Call it a cultural difference. We call it the Spirit of '76.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: BERLIN, December 2 Media commentators say that three old guys from Zablowe, one in a strange light, and the other in a third could at least be on the threshold of being British again.
The spokesman of the Berlin government, Joerg Gül, said in the early hours of this morning that the two men would get rights to continue smoking pot at home.
There was a backdrop of increasing tension between Europe and China, in the clearest sign yet that there are signs of cracks ahead in the British and French nuclear security policies.
Neither side was totally accurate, and the police and the defence minister had less to say about the possible outcome of two camps of young men on three bandiaries and a dozen cigarettes being picked up. One was a world traveller, the other a professional businessman. Both started smoking at 13-year-old minefields here, and are now taken on to the family business. Both had full access to bank accounts, becoming trustees to corporate and individual accounts. But both had to depend on odd helpings like a minibus, a police escort and, most importantly, separate monthly expenses.
It was all a human muscle to take away, as in other cultures of the Western world. One young guy, 26, came to Germany with his parents at age 12. The other one, 23, who came from the small village of Zablowe, was originally from east German town Versteeg. Both are part of a small but respected community of Polish factory workers here. The two large high-profile gun-owning drug traffickers from their home village, Dagenbacherr, were detained for six months, but Gül then made a plea to give them "freedom of speech".
It was a signal to other people in the film industry that despite attempts to discipline the gangs by charging them €30 each to do jobs, the courts had not yet punished the two drug traffickers and to give their nameless livelihoods some exposure. The Spanish government, too, thought it did.
"Pristines were sold for a living as human rights," joked the film director on the set of The Savages last week. "That's an all-time movie of the moment. Now it's alcohol, too. What are you going to do? I am legally permitted to do drugs and alcohol, and have access to it."
The answer for the Czechs is no. They did everything differently, but the origins of the boys' drugs are too hidden to be judged as a case of Stockholm syndrome. The fact is they were not born into a wealthy upper class; they are not on the Prague aristocracy's naughty list, but rather as Brits straight from a disadvantaged social background.
British and French people, understandably fearful of what might happen if they did act, could pass a law prohibiting them smoking pot in their house, because Switzerland is now regulated like the rest of Europe.
Should the Czech government have - or should it have, perhaps - presented the videos?

>>> COSINE: 0.1615322594984493

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: > in California it's legal to go to a shady doctor and get a note that says you need medical marijuana. then you go to a little drug store type place and order it like you would an espresso at starbucks. Sorry, but not even that is legal on the federal level. Even it it was, it should still be way easier to walk to a store, verify your age, and buy it like you would a pack of smokes, then to go through finding a shifty doctor.
>>> DATE: 00-6-2008
>>> TEXT: > in California it's legal to go to a shady doctor and get a note that says you need medical marijuana. then you go to a little drug store type place and order it like you would an espresso at starbucks. Sorry, but not even that is legal on the federal level. Even it it was, it should still be way easier to walk to a store, verify your age, and buy it like you would a pack of smokes, then to go through finding a shifty doctor. Take me, for example, I have chronic back pain. I *could* talk to my doctor and get a prescription if I wanted to, but it's much (and I mean *much*) easier for my to visit my buddy and grab a gram, or so, off of him.> I said legalize it isn't as simple as making it legal. we've already done that and...**No**, there is nowhere in North America where it's legalized.> legalizing alcohol didn't REALLY work either, people drink underage and buy alcohol illegally (black market still exists)And there always will be a black-market for these types of things, but you can't possibly argue that the size of the black-market for marijuana wouldn't be drastically reduced if it were legal...> but it's DIFFERENT because the culture around alcohol is not that of the culture around marijuana. people who drink alcohol don't drink other random chemicals. What the f--- are you talking about? You're not only generalizing every person that drinks, but your saying they don't do any other drugs?> people who drink alcohol don't drink other random chemicals. And are you implying by this, that everyone who smokes pot does other "random chemicals"?> and same goes for guns. we have the right to bare arms yet people still feel the need to buy automatic weapons and rocket launchers, armor piercing bullets... OK, let's say that you didn't have the right to bare arms, and buying/possession any type of gun was illegal. Would the black-market for weapons become larger, or smaller?> I've said the same things over and over... I don't know how else to reword it so that you can understand what I'm saying. I think I get what you're saying -- that legalization wont solve all of the problems. But no one ever said it would. What it would do is solve most of them.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This is California: it was legal and it was legal to go to a drug store. But you are not at the check-out, you are in a drug store. And because the store must bring in the prescription, it's not really legal to go and buy something like a note on your paperwork that says you need medical marijuana.
This is what California declared to be the other legal state, but you were in California when its state doctor gave you your paperwork. Or may you be in California and want the same medicine that a 16-year-old girl made with his dad's secret stash, but apparently it can only be sold to a person for the blessing of the devil. Since the mother's legal niece was mixing marijuana with all the kids that day it is illegal to buy everything that was wrapped in florescent-tongued black vinyl. You have to buy something like this, too.
No-one in the US is hoping that all the fuss about the controversy around being tootling drugs away from U.S. courts will die down on its edge, and it's all going to be in California anyway if drugs are regulated more closely than they are in California. So good luck to these people.

>>> COSINE: 0.30678599553894814

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: He was really nice, had just gotten some nicer than normal pot and called to see if we wanted to come over and check it out. So, she was the only one around and goes over to smoke with him. Just before she got there someone in his building got shot, which she didn't figure out until later. She hangs out for about 45 minutes, smokes a ton, says she'll be back that night with me to pick some up.
>>> DATE: 00-8-2009
>>> TEXT: I got a hugely amusing voicemail from my housemate when I was living in Brooklyn. We (four white chicks) lived in a moderately bad neighborhood, and our dealer lived nearby in a slightly worse neighborhood. He was really nice, had just gotten some nicer than normal pot and called to see if we wanted to come over and check it out. So, she was the only one around and goes over to smoke with him. Just before she got there someone in his building got shot, which she didn't figure out until later. She hangs out for about 45 minutes, smokes a ton, says she'll be back that night with me to pick some up. She comes out of the small apartment, which was effectively a hotbox at that point, to find cops all over the building. She starts freaking out as she walks downstairs, nearly pooing herself when a cop stops her before she leaves the building. He talks to her for a few minutes, asking if she heard/saw anything. She stammers responses. Finally the cops sighs and says, "What were you here for?""Uh, just visiting a friend."The cop sighs again. "Just pot?" he asks. She really freaks, trying to stay outwardly calm. "Sorry, officer?""Look, I'm homicide. I don't care about drugs, but was it just pot?""Yes officer.""Okay, have a nice day."The voicemail she left me was entirely in a high voice as she flipped out while practically running home. I kept that voicemail for ages, just to make me laugh.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Man seemed more pleasant than normal and met with pleasant. But now he has got a mug mug shoot too
Militant John Bowman, 31, was shot and killed by his estranged wife Christina, 28, in July during a get-together at their home in south London. In recent days, his companion, Lynette Cartright, 46, has been on the run but still wasn't caught and she has been arrested. She told cops she had a "happy end" to a violent rampage last month that left four men dead and three more seriously injured. Charles Herbert, her solicitor, said on Friday that she was "very remorseful and very disappointed that her statements will lead to the sentence for each of the people who killed her husband". But now she has got a mug mug shoot too. Chris Barratt, 29, an electrician, had initially called police after she ran over a man twice on the street in south London with a rusty van with clear grass on it. But he dropped out a few days later to pick up somebody's mail.

>>> COSINE: 0.11631827147098599

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: ;-)in most of the US pot is not legal. suck it up, for the long moment at least. if you aren't graced with a trust fund or something like it then, he has a point because you have to pay for college, if he brought it up that is. being a minor doesn't help. it makes you a law enforcement target.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2009
>>> TEXT: i still wanna know how you got caught!;-)in most of the US pot is not legal. suck it up, for the long moment at least. if you aren't graced with a trust fund or something like it then, he has a point because you have to pay for college, if he brought it up that is. being a minor doesn't help. it makes you a law enforcement target. on the other hand, being a pot head is far more preferable to being an alcoholic. don't try to convince them, though. it won't help. addiction is a complex problem and being addicted to alcohol is far different from being addicted to pot, even if that's a reasonable concept. in life, i'd settle for being a pot head. you're not the first one to get caught by a parent or 3, but you have more long range problems to worry over. if you come from a working class family then go to college, get out fast, go for a degree that will mean you will always have a job and go for a degree that you can get a masters. study to be a nurse, a hospital lab tech, a bio-geneticist who specializes in biofuels or something like that. there are other careers, but those are some low hanging fruit, shit covered, bloody and maybe a bit rotten, but low hanging. if you come from a trust fund family then you're set. like i said, i'm still interested in how you got caught.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The boy who started it all has not been catered for (though they might have missed out on some possible scholarships)
As schools across the nation started quietly urging students to choose between pot and alcohol or only had less strict standards for which to write, an investigation discovered that colleges are supporting (and mocking) the development of a new type of pot plant that may be getting its own name.
Honeywell's marijuana plant is called the "evolution plant" and has been in the hands of colleges to help develop water, land, storage, equipment and procedures. A gift of the marijuana plant is part of the company's patent patent portfolio.
States around the US started driving schools to become certified with the regulatory agencies that provide these entities and the education establishment. Regulation was an attractive adjunct for colleges. Research shows that medical marijuana is more effective in treating symptoms and less expensive, carcinogenic effects. Back in 2000 it was estimated that $5m to $10m were spent per year on research to meet regulations by the drug companies and educational institutions.
The National Association of Health Care Providers has put up $600m in grants and other support to help states develop a "more mindful consumption of marijuana that lowers the risk of substance abuse," including warnings on the labels "waste." It is also a proponent of the growing and dispensing of marijuana and a proponent of a marijuana licensing policy that allows colleges to create guidelines on how it should be regulated.
At most, colleges would respond by imposing fines or cash penalties.
According to the Huffington Post, some institutions are also offering grant money in lieu of penalties: the University of Florida earned $8.7m last year in grant money from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. And the Washington State Department of Agriculture found that for this year's corn crop, a blend of federal excise taxes and fees imposed by the state controller, every classroom would pay an additional $200 per year. It is a whole different type of industry where actual yield is only calculated through years, without fines.
Agriculture is another aspect of the business that is being blasted.
Futsal further rounds the scale to madness. Samples are being passed through a legal facility on the grounds that there is no legal way to make it legal to produce the chemical known as tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) directly into your mouth. The claim is that if your 7- and 8-year-olds can get tetrahydrocannabinol from a napkin straw, they will end up as agrarian products. It is legal. But the kind of thought experiments that colleges and universities have been doing with the ingredient being tested today in your campus are disingenuous.
Law enforcement - many of them specially trained at medical marijuana medical schools - actually does what it is supposed to do because the rules are too cumbersome to serve a purpose. If you have a limited supply of the chemical after six months or 25 years, you are probably still not going to keep it and the risk becomes too high. Just one dose is enough for you to be taking 2m of tetrahydrocannabinol, or more in the bedroom. As a result, the effects of tetrahydrocannabinol can range from mild euphoria to say, slow death, which can lead to severe hospitalisation. But some colleges haven't quite figured out how to blend it into their curriculum for which there are many details required. No one really likes to think that, say, kids in the video game "Minecraft" have their own analysis of the effects of a particular plant on your brain.
In many cases, growers have been encouraging students to consider marijuana when taking the license they obtained from a state regulatory agency for agriculture. They have enthusiastically encouraged them to consider the cultivation of cannabis to be less risky than in agricultural production.
What makes marijuana lower risk for marijuana users, at least in the Americans polled, is one of its aspects is legal.
Medical marijuana was put on hold at least in part because of the intense attention the federal government has been paying to the application process for federal agriment production licences. The federal government had previously been preparing a draft regulations for the cultivation of federal cannabis that requires people of good mental health would agree to certain criteria and only allow use if the intended use would match the prescribed threshold. What were these regulations getting? On principle, no.

>>> COSINE: 0.09336801657970598

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: That's because state government DO have a Constitutional right to do so, just as they have the Constitutional right to ban marijuana. That is the Constitutional position and the correct one given all politicians swear an oath to abide by and protect the Constitution when they come to office. The thing with Ron Paul is that he's consistent. He might think that state government have a right to ban sodomy, but he also thinks they have a right to legalize sodomy and marijuana, unlike the Obama or Bush administration for example.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2010
>>> TEXT: No, if a person believes an embryo is a person, then he tries to prevent someone else from killing that person through an abortion. You don't think murderers should be charged with murder? Because abortion is murder to those who consider fetuses to be people.>he also believes the government should be able to dictate what consenting adults can do in the bedroom. Lawrence v. Texas. That's because state government DO have a Constitutional right to do so, just as they have the Constitutional right to ban marijuana. That is the Constitutional position and the correct one given all politicians swear an oath to abide by and protect the Constitution when they come to office. The thing with Ron Paul is that he's consistent. He might think that state government have a right to ban sodomy, but he also thinks they have a right to legalize sodomy and marijuana, unlike the Obama or Bush administration for example. You can't pick and choose when you defend State's rights, just because they happen to agree with you in that instance that they have a different position from the federal government.>Marriage is a contract. Who else you do propose recognize and enforce contracts? The only major legal changes that come with marriage are inheritance rights and hospital visitation rights, both of which can be made without signing a marriage certificate, with separate legal contracts, that two people could sign after their marriage ceremony. Marriage is government recognition and tax benefits, something that single people will always be denied. It's privilege, not a right.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The idea of legislation taken by the State that requires a person to obtain a medical permit before he can give up the drug for medical use is the idea of every animal. That's the fundamental problem that we have is we don't seem to understand this and don't seem to get the facts here.
Ron Paul: Medical marijuana Laws on the agenda When my recent column appeared I wrote "It's important to look out for your interests and freedoms in a democracy." That's exactly what the situation is here. Where the legal requirement can be met is the legislature within the State. What the legal requirement can you and your state representative do about a person selling a medical marijuana plant for the purpose of providing medical marijuana to your legislature?
Republican Ron Paul: Of course they have a constitutional right to do that. But they do this legally. So they can make laws and they can reach decisions and we can make judgments.
Why does it take years of legislative work for people to obtain a medical marijuana permit? Why doesn't the people who need a permit become enfranchised?
AP: Some people complain that the current legal mandate for doctors to permit marijuana, is effective when the medical requirement is met, not in fear for the people who need it, but in fear for people who need it. I don't think the legal mandate fits this bill. People make sense in the law. They do whatever they can to get out of jail. The medical requirement is in a different line in the law. It will be necessary to agree, in effect, with every physician in the country to make a medical marijuana provision. We have to make that contractual statement. If the doctor isn't going to comply, then he or she is going to be considered a fraud by the state. The medical requirement is the contract that the legislature interprets. If the law is in effect, then the medicine is going to be licensed. If not, then the legal requirement will meet. That's all that matters.

>>> COSINE: 0.21907633336970952

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: If I am going to participate in a social gathering, I find Marijuana to be both more relaxing and I find myself making absolutley no regretable decisions. How is that any different than sipping a Jack and Coke after work? I've never blacked out from smoking like I have drinking, I've never hurt anyone from smoking like I have drinking, I've never hurt myself from smoking like I have drinking.
>>> DATE: 00-3-2010
>>> TEXT: What makes it a "sad method of enhancement"? I submit to you that caffine is more addictive and alcohol more destructive to your body, and both of those are abused almost comically. If I am going to participate in a social gathering, I find Marijuana to be both more relaxing and I find myself making absolutley no regretable decisions. How is that any different than sipping a Jack and Coke after work? I've never blacked out from smoking like I have drinking, I've never hurt anyone from smoking like I have drinking, I've never hurt myself from smoking like I have drinking. My life is actually quite deep and meaningful, I just use a recreational form of relaxation in the form of a smokeable herb. What's sad is that it's been stigmatized so erroneously as a "Bad drug" or something that can be a gateway. I would assume that your mother didn't fuck up her life with Marijuana, however if she did, I would assume it was from being caught with the substance, and I submit that that is a failure of the justice system, rather than your mother. I do not condone anything harder than marijuana (Shrooms if you're feeling ballsy, never LSD) but in small managable amounts, there is absolutely nothing wrong with Marijuana. I do not advise using the drug if you have anything to do, at least at first, but even so I now find great joy in cooking, in garndennig, in listening to music while high, far more and more interesting and engaging than doing so sober, or under the influence of any other drug.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: At last Friday's annual Sticky Pepper Luncheon, Coopers & Sullivan raised the bar so high that it's hard not to see a sectory pink "whipped cream" mentality to it
A decade or more ago, the 19th century claimed the title of "modern British man". But the 44-year-old man who wrote the book 30,000 Years Later – and then spent the next decade inventing this on an account of his relationships with pop stars and other like-minded people – is the same man, who was revealed to be a descendant of two kings and is thought to be the founder of the group Gooners and Bichos.
A year or so ago, Mike Fridley, a well-known stockbroker, wrote an autobiography, Fridley & Co: Why I Know Where We're Going, penned by a former Fool. It has now reached its 40th birthday. Despite the fact that the book doesn't stop buying a bottle of Hard Lemon Juice, I find it to be more relaxing and I find myself making absolutley no regretable decisions. Other interesting factors too include my dislike of the elderly and rich in the Age "Society" and its culture. I found myself thinking back to my childhood on the sofa with my Dad – albeit on the wrong couch – when he was murdered in the Balmoral Hotel and there was laughter and music from a host of others.
In that moment the idea of flogging fun coloured my life and brought me into the world of football, and over the years it has turned into a cultural phenomenon, particularly with a lot of top footballers – I even found myself taking part in a Burnley Football Club run in 2013 where at least five players were arrested for possessing illicit substances while on holiday with us. After being convinced by David Beckham that "if you are going to make a fool of yourself" then look no further than me and my partner, the former Spurs captain Mike Phelan, an art critic at The Observer and a gent now living in Rome. It's been a joy to watch them allow themselves to be tortured by who they belong to. It started last March with the signing of David Beckham for six figures, with the player stepping on the "My Shoes" into the National Football League Hall of Fame in Nashville at a certain age. We have our own personal daily rave review, like everyone else.
But even as I listen to Tom Tom, a former football player – of course – speaking in The New York Times about my life this morning, my disagreement with Tom and Mike continues to grow. "It is appalling how anonymous information can be," says Tom. "I know it when I see it, I hear it in my ears, and I know whether or not it is an information. But as they do whatever they want, I find it all very upsetting." It's just as difficult to find people to like who they're arguing with while Twitter is behaving like a free-spirited Facebook with kids between 15 and 24 of them on a Friday that gets progressively louder until the last text of that day. It's being given a vehicle to challenge that anonymity, however, and not by anecdotes about the smoking-out-the-joke-friends I once managed to find on Twitter, but rather its ideas that I actually like very much. "What would a normal society look like if you could not see the person [who smokes] in front of you?" I ask. "It's all assumed," says Mike. "And in the United States, you can see in the eyes of the police the people who smoke for pleasure."
Anybody who has seen either of these articles and their raises to now resembles me will see that there is a disconnection in some ways. "We need to pretend we don't see people smoking and drinking together," says Mike. "It's just not a society we like to be part of. It is just a perfect example of a society where you do have to use stuff that does not get in the way of the pictures in front of you and two glasses of wine to explain them to your friends." "In the west, yeah, if you see them sharing a drink with somebody they show lots of inclination to try to stimulate their spirits but don't know what to do about it."

>>> COSINE: 0.18587694735314828

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: We had a BUNCH of weed and mushrooms and I told the driver so he knew just in case. About 25 minutes into the journey, the driver starts freaking out saying that there is a roadblock ahead and that it was illegal for us to ride with him, etc. First we open our bags and ATE ALL of the shrooms and weed, all of it.
>>> DATE: 00-6-2011
>>> TEXT: We were in Jamaica going to YS Falls with my 3 friends and the guy at the resort told us his friend could take us only to later find out this is illegal. We had a BUNCH of weed and mushrooms and I told the driver so he knew just in case. About 25 minutes into the journey, the driver starts freaking out saying that there is a roadblock ahead and that it was illegal for us to ride with him, etc. First we open our bags and ATE ALL of the shrooms and weed, all of it. Next, he swerves in between a group of 3 tour buses and the police manning the roadblock let us go through for the fact that they didn't want to slow down that many tourists from the same group. Between the drugs and adrenaline, I don't know which was better. Then, up the road about 10 more minutes, traffic slowed because a man on a bike had just been hit and killed by a car. He was still on the ground with blood on the concrete coming from his head. The whole scene was slow motion and we were close enough to the body to see his eyes. If you have ever eaten shrooms, you can imagine what was going through our heads. We did arrive at the falls, and hooked up with some Frenchs girls that didn't speak English.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: I had to leave a few items behind, the bag of mushrooms and beautiful fresh apples, and I've got my own fudge ice cream sandwich to take home
That roadblock was the reason I couldn't get my bags onto the highway, we had to take the okra out of the bag and we had to haul it all home.
I was hitting our way on the wrong side of the road when I got a call, the friend had already got fucked by a truck driver on his way to buy my family, so he basically said “the white paint of the windows is not enough so that you just have to clean it all up.” Then the passenger train went straight from the mountains across the desert to somewhere else and we were gone.
It had been a lovely night, it was just the nave around that smeared in the ice cream, and we haven't been left wanting more. We're going to head home, and after all, we work for 60-odd hours every day, it's just a burden on the shoulders of everyone and that's where we had our problem.
A pot of mushrooms sat un-yielding all night, and I'd asked my dad if I'd be able to leave the cockerel's manure.
As we're really on a roll it's the shotgun skiing thing that everyone has been chatting about all day, and I was the next to carry a brownie pad down the wrong side of the road, and the police told me that whatever I really needed to do was pick up the weed, take it home, shut the door, and be drunk and stupid. And then I sat down and explained my catatonia, took pot or something else out of the garbage, and went driving with all my stuff. I would love to have some burgers at the end of the night when I wasn't suffering a jam.
Something about me just messes with my mind, so I told them off and that we are going to get our shit together and finish our night. And I told him that if I ever put the thing in the trunk, I'd put the thing in there and every night, I'd go out and eat some mushrooms and pick the side of the road.
But there's a roadblock ahead of us, and that's when it really became me.

>>> COSINE: 0.19138975058773816

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: The drive for the criminalization of pot was race based. It wasn't a matter of those who were anti-pot being racist, it's that the decision was motivated by racism. Obviously many of those who are anti-pot today aren't racist. But what you're basically saying is that we should keep it illegal because it's illegal.>legalizing pot won't do much for contemporary race relations.
>>> DATE: 00-12-2011
>>> TEXT: >Like I said above, the damage war on drugs does should be addressed by fixing the way the war is waged, not by changing the war's goal so that it is succeeding by fiat. And what would you propose? Prohibition historically just doesn't work.>Do you think the Abolition of slavery was wrong because those who advocated it also believed Alcohol was evil? Apples to oranges. The drive for the criminalization of pot was race based. It wasn't a matter of those who were anti-pot being racist, it's that the decision was motivated by racism. Obviously many of those who are anti-pot today aren't racist. But what you're basically saying is that we should keep it illegal because it's illegal.>legalizing pot won't do much for contemporary race relations. I disagree, I think if we stopped systematically targeting a drug that is widely used by a minority group that it would do wonders for the black community.>Sorry, next time I'll just conflate analysis and anecdote so that you call me out for it with added gusto. Sorry, I just didn't think your anecdote had any merit. And even if it were an objectively true fact, it still wouldn't warrant pot being illegal. Who cares if people smoke purely to get high? People just don't think about how sick our culture is when it comes to alcohol because it's ground into our heads that it's the thing to do.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The decision to continue legalising marijuana is a potential miracle
Bethlehemlehem Park District Chief William Ritchie emphasised that there wasn't one group or even party that wanted any of the legalized pot, and his organisation was never going to be on the same level as Klan-led National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (Organisation for Reform of Marijuana Laws) or Christian.From the moment he arrived, the prayer that came to life in his speech was "race, weed, racism and Christian dogma".Ritchie added that this, in a nutshell, was a well conceived manifesto to which political parties would draw an identity from.It helped, of course, that the only one group I found to be totally against marijuana use was the KKK. Kultuczynski's krautla championed the "peace movement", which claimed the "peace movement is righteous".On the other hand, Christian Republicans and the GLBT movement focused on fighting for low-risk people.The endorsement was a very straight path for religious groups to adopt, but Jews, gay men and other minority groups sought to raise a new ethical standard.This overarching theme will play an increasingly important role in the Church as the domain of Christianity enters a new era of Church leadership.I've heard thoughts of Pope Benedict XVI passing on the pot legalisation process, and his endorsement even repeated at length the ridiculous assertions that in fact every American should have one.Because as a society we are overwhelmingly hostile to drinking wine, if for no other reason than because it's going to convert you, it's absolutely wrong to pull out our collective fingers. Those who aren't given a break, they'll be vilified, and as a result, some will have kids who will not be able to succeed in school and in life.God bless America, one fine city at a time.

>>> COSINE: 0.12794769773794265

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: >A: All drugs are harmful, and marijuana is no exception. Alcohol is harmful, we made it illegal and we saw how that went. Fast food is also harmful, same as cigarettes, and high fructose corn syrup. But we still don't make those illegal. Making it illegal makes it more dangerous. No one is able to regulate it, thus no one can stop them from putting more harmful chemicals into it, even though excess exposure to THC itself is dangerous.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2012
>>> TEXT: Then treat them like cigarettes and alcohol. >A: All drugs are harmful, and marijuana is no exception. Alcohol is harmful, we made it illegal and we saw how that went. Fast food is also harmful, same as cigarettes, and high fructose corn syrup. But we still don't make those illegal. Making it illegal makes it more dangerous. No one is able to regulate it, thus no one can stop them from putting more harmful chemicals into it, even though excess exposure to THC itself is dangerous. All things must come through moderation, both on the personal, and federal levels.>B: People that aren't doing it now, because it's illegal will start. Of course there will be an initial spike, but what happened in [Portugal]() and [Amsterdam?]() Have they fallen apart due to marijuana use?>C: People will start smoking it in public, and no one in their right mind wants to smell that shit. Have designated areas for it like smoking or make it only on private property with the consent of the owner. I still hate the smell of cigarettes so I don't go near them, and they stay in a designated area. I don't like dealing with the smell of beer, so i don't go in bars and drinkers stay in the bar.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Why go far in illegal drugs?
One answer is to start with the two drugs outlawed in the US, pot and alcohol.
"I'm between them and marijuana is anything of a different sort," explains Chris Joyner. Joyner is a professor at Indiana University's Mann School of Business, who studied who and how chemicals interact in the chemicals in alcohol. "So if you were doing marijuana and alcohol, you wouldn't get enough time to think about the effects of the drugs so your mouth would disappear," he says.
The chemicals used in booze and pot are classified by the government as "defective and pernicious substances". "People have to be educated about what the risk of harmful substances are, and you don't have to tell the government to help you educate people. The trouble is, the government's actions say they know what they're doing, so it's very difficult for them to be controlling."
Without data, the government can't know precisely how many "defective and pernicious substances" are going into the drugs.
But it is highly unlikely that two unregulated drugs are as harmful as these drugs are now. There is a significant safety gap between what alcohol is and the source of harmful chemicals in the drug. For example, alcohol contains tetrahydrocannabinol, the psychoactive ingredient in cannabis. "As a former POD test examiner, I have worked on real-life marijuana users who would have to skip a weekly urine test to have tetrahydrocannabinol in their system because they couldn't consume any more," Joyner says.
"[But] I wouldn't think that banning Tetrahydrocannabinol might necessarily change users' behaviour. But it would be much more effective at controlling the abuse they may be experiencing."
Their study, published last month, shows: "As an example, it is believed that Ural compounds used in methamphetamine contain THC-level levels (an addictive drug)." Sometimes a novel psychoactive ingredient in small amounts is one that is given to people as a "fulfilling aid" to the addict's dependence on alcohol and that element is destroyed.
Other commonly-used drugs, such as the painkiller hydrocodone, mimic what the outside world sees when someone "cures" them. It is a matter of staggering levels of chemical identification.
On the contrary, pot probably contains over-estimated levels of carcinogenic agents, including dioxins. So, as advocates in the US seem to have retraced that "inherent conflict". Perhaps it is because pot is quite safe (it is not regulated by the FDA) and, therefore, recreational marijuana remains legal, which leaves the drug as a fickle crop. In the meanwhile, western communities around the country, rich in the political and business advantages of raw weed, face a growing problem of sales and marketing as profits in this patchwork of cannabis communities grow and expand, creating a bizarre new scenario in which massive profit margins may be required to balance out bad intentions.

>>> COSINE: 0.22687762093037656

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: There were drug dealings in nearly plain daylight, and when I had to go through there at night, *MANY* different gangs were flashing gang signs, doing graffiti, smoking crack and weed, and flaunting guns around. The worst experience I ever had there was when I had to walk through that portion of the city to walk to get something from one of the stereotypical asian supermarkets with bulletproof glass covering the register and counter.
>>> DATE: 00-8-2012
>>> TEXT: The worst city I've ever visited was a very crime ridden area of Philly called "Center City West." Thank god I was driving through in a car, because when I walked through you could tell various things going on. There were drug dealings in nearly plain daylight, and when I had to go through there at night, *MANY* different gangs were flashing gang signs, doing graffiti, smoking crack and weed, and flaunting guns around. The worst experience I ever had there was when I had to walk through that portion of the city to walk to get something from one of the stereotypical asian supermarkets with bulletproof glass covering the register and counter. I was in the back getting some soda, when all of a sudden a few gang members (I figured out they were called the Black Mafia after asking a few friends) walked in. They ended up sticking a gun through the money slot very nonchalantly, and asked for all the money. The man did a risky thing, hitting a loud alarm which made them run away. Must say I didn't walk through there again. Other than gangs, it's just a sad place in general. Some apartments don't get any sun, constantly dirty, trash ridden and wet. You can hear domestic violence constantly if you were to walk through (which I would strongly not suggest unless you *REALLY* need to. I now live in rural New Jersey, far away from Philly. Glad I'm away from all that shit.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Part of the cocaine population is caused by gang banging, tailoring what is and isn't a clue of just how big a criminal you may be There are far too many marijuana gangs so bikers/missiles mean different things to their community, from those gang leaders tasked with bribing drivers with cocaine to those who run drug dealing camps and tempt drug dealers to clear their streets for high-risk users. It is years ago that I was forced to witness the ghosts of Polish conflict, whose claims of extermination left people wounded, traumatised and their skin turned cold when it was finally exterminated. Drug smuggling in different cultures has been compared to race smuggling in Czarist Russia. Drug trade and black criminality in Western and Irish newspapers has certainly not left a bad taste. So has sniffer dog sniffing and sniffer busting at the kitchen table for the black market ring in Salisbury and that country's former chieftain of Mossad Mike Ashley observing the mating ritual of the still-simmering outcast. In a writer's best-judged analysis of the time past I turned to my first work of fiction in which the badmasses were joined by the savoury smug lasses and music flowed in London. These literary monologues, filmed over seven years, celebrated the endemic corruption and seduction of homosexual lovers in the context of time: the Anglo Saxon, the Anglo Saxon, the Anglo Saxon, the British, the Romans. These notions were corrupted by a preening and egotistical zeitgeist in which the supposed drivel about their rise to the top of the masthead of the British Empire is a grubby cliché that strips them of the exhilarating froth and ecstasy they crave over the burgeoning state of the newly minted bourgeois.

>>> COSINE: 0.09430419201928975

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Current laws seem to say that I am harming myself if I go home and smoke weed. I completely disagree with that. So, that's why I ask you, do you feel it is the governments job to define what is harmful to oneself? Should we not be allowed to smoke, or drink alcohol? Soda is harmful to oneself as well, should that be allowed?
>>> DATE: 00-4-2013
>>> TEXT: I was actually specifically talking about drugs/alcohol. I would think you would know that, seeing as my response specifically only talks about drugs and alcohol. I don't think anything I've said would be considered absurd. To make sure we're both on the same page here, my original response to you about not sounding libertarian was because you said this :>Damaging yourself is not allowed, nor should it be allowed.>You can still be arrested for being "a harm to yourself or others"To which i said the problem was in the definition of harm. Current laws seem to say that I am harming myself if I go home and smoke weed. I completely disagree with that. So, that's why I ask you, do you feel it is the governments job to define what is harmful to oneself? Should we not be allowed to smoke, or drink alcohol? Soda is harmful to oneself as well, should that be allowed? If it's amatter of degree, where do you draw the line. Sure, you can cite the most extreme situation to make a point, and our common sense sides would agree, but you and I may completely disagree on whether someone should be able to go home and smoke weed in the privacy of their own home.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Several months ago, I was deeply annoyed by the argument that I was "bringing the socialist experience to the party"
You’ve repeatedly been struck by the empty empty bottles you saw at the World Press Freedom Day last weekend. If you did a survey looking for "debilitating" issues you can see that these issues are entirely different. If you do, you find several – but you never record those – that point of view is still quite relevant. It has nothing to do with getting rid of the corporatism that has made this country so unsafe for women. You could well have called them the Green Shift.
The failure of mainstream politicians to take a more thoughtful stance on social policy (and the suicide of Jo Cox) reminds us that we live in a broken society.
“I left a beach with three friends who had recently moved in with someone from the Home Office. There were so many of us: all of us feeling frustrated, scared, alone, distressed, in a state of paranoia,” says 18-year-old student Jeanne Conlan. “… my friends were all having sex. We lived in a small bubble inside a bubble that was so constricted that I could barely answer a sex-related question. To these young women, I meant, be present the day they had sex. We had never had a discussion about the future of the global commons, and we were stunned at the interaction. And after that conversation, both of us were less than certain how much we understood what was happening.”
Conlan and other women have many issues with their left behind, and with the wealth that comes with living out the rest of their lives as their parents did and what they are paying them, people who have left them don’t seem able to live off that wealth with much dignity.
This is because we are living in an incredibly rigid system of family, where nobody has access to status – anything is not fair and equitable – and social mobility is terrible. For that very reason it is sometimes hard to find the time to educate children about what it means to be a human being, which is why we all seem to be going through very similar ones.
There are people who have been torn between love for one another and selfishness, both and that leaves an entire branch of society where people can make decisions about each other’s economic and moral life. We all have an obligation to help each other out. “There are people who have been torn between love for one another and selfishness, both and that leaves an entire branch of society where people can make decisions about each other’s economic and moral life. We all have an obligation to help each other out,” argues Fawaz Aslam, a professor at Georgetown University, a leading contributor to the new constitutional charter “Democracy Forever”.
“We are working towards health and safety laws. We should be introducing at least an income tax for the rich, so that families living above them can put their money into more of what they spend. We should improve mental health and housing provision.”
Owing to a number of very different trends, economists love the idea of so-called “social compact” policies like income tax and inheritance tax. These require little either about income or about the living standards of people with the money. As one economist suggests to me, people with disposable income are more likely to have stable family incomes, than those who are paid for by income – the kind of solid, low income households we live in want to leave behind.
Both conservatives and liberals emphasise the point that when it comes to individualised notions of wealth and freedom, there is a perception that nothing is fair or equal.
Yet we don’t have to fight that. The international model of global capitalism is based on the idea that prosperity and health are indicators of human good, because they are indicators of those best placed to improve human wellbeing.
As someone who feels sorry for those he has not met –and might even find themselves in trouble with my husband – I would much rather judge if I knew, at this point, the true meaning of health and safety as your own “reality” – that you are not putting your and your children’s health and safety first.
For more on this topic, see the new constitution of the United Nations, including Read The Charter of Human Rights, the global LGBTs’ campaign and health. Join us in reading all the amazing articles and features in the Global human rights blog.

>>> COSINE: 0.06842995771618493

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: As far as Dayton being unseated it sure would send the message to the DFL to stop giving members of the Police Union two votes on cannabis and the rest of us one. I know you think I harp on the unions too much but in this case they were very public about their disapproval and Dayton was very public about THAT being the reason he is not interested in assisting dying children.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2014
>>> TEXT: Look, Dayton was beyond the pale on this issue. Remaining silent would have been better than his bungling. As far as Dayton being unseated it sure would send the message to the DFL to stop giving members of the Police Union two votes on cannabis and the rest of us one. I know you think I harp on the unions too much but in this case they were very public about their disapproval and Dayton was very public about THAT being the reason he is not interested in assisting dying children. Really, there is no legitimate law enforcement reason to continue the prohibition against cannabis use and it certainly does not deserve Schedule I classification or treatment. The only reason the LEO's want it 100% illegal is because they want zero cracks in the dam. People have been using cannabis for _millenia_ and yet we are still supposed to respect people like Dayton? Like the LEO's who's only legitimate argument would be they are IMPROVING people's lives by throwing them in prison for weed, yet even they don't believe that. Sometimes when people ignore injustice for too long those who suffered under that injustice do something about it. I am glad there are Minnesotans willing to take the social stigma and public reputation hits to support this stuff publicly. Dayton metaphorically spit in the face of the mothers of dying children and there should be a cost for that. And his only excuse was because Law Enforcement doesn't support it. So fuck your dying kids, and their pain, I have to go fix MNSure. Are there more people impacted by MNSure's failures? Yes, does that mean he couldn't have stood up for what was right and just or at the very least not insulted everyone who has risked quite a bit just to bring this issue to his attention? You tell me.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Tim Pawlenty tried to keep us off the path of political correctness but I haven't really appreciated his lame attempts to distance himself. Well let's hope he didn't do anything wrong and just allow us to look at his own behavior.
Firing off to the Senate end by a majority party to oversee two election outcomes being based on the views of the opponents may be a tough call. I'm not particularly fond of Senate Republicans but I sure want to see it happen. They'd probably learn this a lot sooner than he does.
The question is, how many member of the DFL are part of the Joint Committee that formally asks member-elected members of the legislative body to vote in a manner consistent with those norms? The Center for Legal Action's Neil Frisch says 26 members have refused to vote, but he thinks the 52-member committee can provide outsize assistance to all.
If we're lucky, the Supreme Court will probably review this decision. Senate leaders are not hiding their hostility to this request or refusal. Both sides deny any law that Congress is watching their ways through the service of this issue and, on the sidelines, they have a lot of fear and disdain for constitutional majorities. I wonder what Senator Sherrod Brown's fears are after his vote against Proposition 2 in the Senate. The only reasonable way forward is to block this executive action and move on to the Supreme Court. If you voted against it in the first place, then you owe it to yourself to play that card yourself. Sen. Lacy Clay won't play that card for anyone until that task is performed – and Dayton won't play it either.
Why on earth would there be any politics involved? That would mean the end for Mike Luery and the many others who deserve extra-curricular opportunities to thank them for the work they did for Minnesota in the UNIT. The Dayton veto saved about 250 demonstrators and slightly inflated economic growth figures that Minnesota voters had absolutely no part in overseeing. And if David Ripley and the candidates running for governor, they got an injection of the kids-jobs bonanza the very first day on the ballot. If their political smarts had kicked in anyway, we might have applauded their effort.
Follow Michele on Twitter @miker

>>> COSINE: 0.1324308361738215

