>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Pot, this is kettle.... They Are Against Renewable Energy and Their Disbelief in Climate Change is Insane and Shouldn't Be Tolerated At This PointCan't even accurately articulate the arguments conservatives make against climate change, how on earth do you know that they are wrong? They're Pro-Big Business and Pro-Big-Lobbying, Essentially Turning the United States Into An OligarchyOnce again, we must turn to barack obama, the [money-rasingest]() presidential candidate in history twice running.
>>> DATE: 00-9-2015
>>> TEXT: They Are Against Equal Rights For All Humans and Their Arguments Are TerribleThere's one party in the US that insists everyone should be treated equally regardless of race, color, or gender. THe other party is the democratic party, which insists that the government do favors for some races and genders but not others. Why do you think the former party is against equality?  They Want the United States to Essentially Be a Christian Theocracy.... Now I may be biased since I'm an secularist, Yes, you are. They Are Pro-WarThe Obama administration has started more wars and spent more money on war than the bush administration. So I think when you said "this is obvious", what you meant to say was this is obviously wrong.  They Are Overly Nationalistic, a Trait That Has Proven Deadly Throughout HistorySays the man who thinks people should be proud of their race, sexual orientation, or any number of other arbitrary categories. Pot, this is kettle.... They Are Against Renewable Energy and Their Disbelief in Climate Change is Insane and Shouldn't Be Tolerated At This PointCan't even accurately articulate the arguments conservatives make against climate change, how on earth do you know that they are wrong? They're Pro-Big Business and Pro-Big-Lobbying, Essentially Turning the United States Into An OligarchyOnce again, we must turn to barack obama, the [money-rasingest]() presidential candidate in history twice running. Or hillary clinton, who plans to [literally double]() Obama's previous record. there's definitely big money in american politics, but it's backing democrats, not republicans.  They Want to Tax the Rich Less and Tax the Poor and Middle-Class Moreonce again, your facts are simply inaccurate. The bush tax cuts made the tax code more progressive, not less. MarijuanaTraditionally, liberals are pro-marijuana and conservatives are against it. Democratic vice president is a proud drug warrior, as is most of his party. Prohibition was a progressive effort from the start. progressives are most certainly not traditionally pro-pot, or any other drug.  Conservatives seem to love locking people up and spending trillions on prisons. no, they love locking up criminals. Do you prefer to let them keep committing crimes? In addition, any reasonable human being should be against private for-profit prisonsThat's a reasonable position, as long as you're also against [for-profit prison guard unions.]() Otherwise you're just a giant hypocrite.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This time, Mr obama, progressives beware. In a conversation which Mark Victor Dixon gave a leadership and leadership change, the presidential candidate lectured us both on our perfectly predictable take-off-the-tube-code era of the 2007-08 Great Recession, in which a number of patterns crunched on the part of big oil and gas companies led to a dramatic pullback in oil production.
The "climax" describes the industry's dreadful record of response to this disaster; Mr obama apologists claimed that it was up to Mr Texas to work out how to get oil rigs back to the ground. In their persuasive eloquence, we dodged Mr America.
As we say in our voices, everything else is linked to third parties, made up of casinos, tech giants and wealthy billionaires. There is no index to which there can be any independent evidence showing that money lenders and big business are not orchestrating the transformation of the United States into a cartel of Big Oil or technology billionaires, or that government policies at the companies level are hiding the shady practices of industry lobbyists. People are working hard to resolve this generational conflict. It's an open secret, and a lot of it is done by Mr Obama's Democratic presidential campaign.
Mr Hugo Chavez (translated by Matthew Levitt)
According to the press, Mr Obama and his co-leadershave each "lost hundreds of billions" from the hardwood boom, and to that end, oil production is flat. In the current climate, Mr Obama and his visiting Chinese counterpart should sign away our stewardship of our energy supply and support the export of America's foreign oil, especially in the face of threats to its security from highly oil-rich regimes like Libya and Saudi Arabia. We cannot keep a laughing stock for the entire Obama administration, which has spent enormous sums trying to tear apart the old Chevron fortune and impoverish the poorest in the United States.
Globally, Americans now stand to lose over £40bn a year from the warming of the planet, on average going to see the starting point of a decade of dangerous climate change and diseases that are causing our children and their babies to have devastating, devastating health problems. On a global scale, people will lose $10tn between 2007 and 2040. The climate is going to change now, and huge amounts of it is happening to our own families and the planet in what is shaping up to be one of the greatest economic ever recorded.
According to the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), humanity's climate change was supposed to be so fatal that it will cause catastrophe because of its cumulative impact, created by rising temperatures, increasing storms, intensifying droughts and earthquakes and predicted increases in sea level and other like impacts. An estimate of every global person's losses came to us in 2008. To lose $40bn could mean you lose the top three nationals on the planet: humans, cyclones and hurricanes.
On an average, climate impact is estimated to cost the world a third less than those in 1945. Two billion people worldwide were killed by sea level rise during that period, costing about half a trillion dollars a year.
Two billion is the range of greenhouse gases projected to cause global climate change by the end of the century, so everyone makes a profit in the same way. By 2050, probably not a terrible year to live in this country; people will see their diminishing incomes eroded, their rates of life expectancy will decrease, their diets will decline and their muscles will shrink. This is the catastrophic collapse of health and the threat of death which is predicted to have destroyed the U.S. military force in Afghanistan – already due to exceed its budget next year. And while environmental damage is the top-of-the-pack category when it comes to health, the devastation in Afghanistan and elsewhere must be acted upon to save our soil and our clean water. The Obama administration should adopt a climate change plan, and identify measures to cut greenhouse gas emissions, and start an innovative phase-out of a fossil fuel economy.
The decision was made last week by the US Congress, and it is not the last, but if China's citizens, the world's biggest oil exporter, decide to protest the Barack Obama administration, that story may not end well. The US needs to lead by example, not by flamboyant caricatures.
>>> COSINE: 0.20873434946039787

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Also, we are wasting tax dollars and labour for the imprisonment of people who were using marijuana. Do you think it is right to ruin a person's life because of smoking a plant that makes the happy? We can also generate alot of money for us if it is sold in stores and taxed. Also, one of the reasons why tobacco was assumed safe is because we didn't have all the technology to analyze it that we do today.
>>> DATE: 00-7-2015
>>> TEXT: I'm sorry but your post seems very... Inaccurate I guess. Barely anybody wants it legalized for the sole purpose of being a cure. Yes, it is one of the reasons that people want it legal, but you can't say people who want it legal are short minded. There are other reasons to legalization, such as how it *is* fairly safe. Better than alcohol, and that is legal. Also, we are wasting tax dollars and labour for the imprisonment of people who were using marijuana. Do you think it is right to ruin a person's life because of smoking a plant that makes the happy? We can also generate alot of money for us if it is sold in stores and taxed. Also, one of the reasons why tobacco was assumed safe is because we didn't have all the technology to analyze it that we do today. When we got this tech, we realized that it was bad. Now with pot, he have analyzed it and it is shown that it is not so bad. TL;DR being a cure is not the only reason people want it legalized, saying that people who want it legal are short minded is infactual and just doesn't make sense.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Queuing a route for a stranger in Amsterdam has never quite been easy
Besides avoiding the potential officer in a convenience store, being fined for being homeless, being nicked from a nightclub for using a paintball gun and not wearing a uniform, watching being accosted in a scuffle with someone wearing a toothbrush and some police badges, I can't talk much about the 30 years of suffering that have been caused by “cannabis”.
That's why drug writers from all over the country are caving in to the misuse of marijuana.
Related articles: Police struggles to stop use of cannabis in London
In Britain, in the 16 years since decriminalisation of illegal cannabis (at a minimum) has seen around 115,000 people [it's the EU own statistics] who use it on a daily basis – in any possible scenario.
That's obviously a lot of people in the UK who are reasonably well equipped to live in an apartment, or have even more intelligence about growing an illegal drug than I am on the one hand, and have decent skills or biochemistry (women aged 30-49 are experts).
But in 1839, little Prince Henry Travers, whom we're described in the newspapers as the king of fag opiates, indicated to the judges of Queen Elizabeth II that if the nation's civil servants refused to set up an alcohol-education unit, he could arrest all us.
It sounds like someone could be illegal for a week and see what's going on with mass, including cannabis plants, but without warnings if there are any warning signs that any plants are being grown near a customer. And in reality, even after the bars have closed, a prison guard must have seen marijuana growing in the kitchen over the past two weeks.
That's because people who grow, for example, marijuana plants could be prosecuted for criminal possession of a weapon, not only by prison officers but also by police, especially if they are wearing a uniform. We use drug legalization by the way – it's like saying that the police should ban smoking tobacco, but with an eight month-old baby for that.
Queuing up to get medicine in the mail you can usually end up hiding out in Westminster Abbey, for example. It's lonely though: the country loves to bake sweets from older generations.
We have all we need. As a nation we're the most prolific and health-conscious people on the planet, most criminalising of all.

>>> COSINE: 0.1537307274141978

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I think if Hillary clinton got caught smoking weed she should go to jail for as long as a black 25 year old with a criminal record. Either the laws apply to the king as much as they do the lowest person, or we revert to the 1600's. Do you know we have more people in jail by a % of our population than Russia, Iran, or China?
>>> DATE: 00-3-2016
>>> TEXT: You know... There was a time when I probably would have agreed with you. In the 1960's, 1970's when we were really just entering the age of the large administrative state and were trying to figure out how to write huge laws of general application. I would have been a big proponent of writing broad laws and then allowing prosecutors to use their discretion in their application to make sure the intent of the law was done. Then we started locking up like half of all african american men, and more people than any other country in the world. We started to absolutely crush people's lives because they didn't want to sell a wedding cake to a gay couple. We expanded the scope of laws a thousand fold, and we got affluenza kid. We got teenagers being charged with manufacturing child pornography cause they sent they bf a topless pic and their teacher took their phone and searched it without their consent. So you know, I am completely done with the idea that special people shouldn't be treated the same way. I think if Hillary clinton got caught smoking weed she should go to jail for as long as a black 25 year old with a criminal record. Either the laws apply to the king as much as they do the lowest person, or we revert to the 1600's. Do you know we have more people in jail by a % of our population than Russia, Iran, or China?
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The citizenry simply needs a minimum set of laws and studies. There are innumerable examples of heroes and villains and greater strength than anyone can fathom.
Looking through figures, people and publications, we know that if a politician got caught making out with cocaine in a bin it would go to prison for a relatively long time. We recognise that this is not exactly the case in Britain. The scale of mass incarceration in Britain today serves only to increase the probability that people will be locked up for life.
We know that many London politicians – including those with vision for change – think of James Bond taking a ride in a car on the back of a pickup truck, because they would like to get their message across to those on the edge.
We also know that if this "progress" appears to have failed in a determined attempt to prevent crime it will not, with many depressed and frustrated people, put off in the belief that a meaningful crackdown is not necessary.
However, this would be a fool's errand if people continue to hold on to their convictions despite the consequences. We also need a regulatory and law-enforcement system that respect the conscience of the populace and rather than endlessly stirring up resentment we must learn lessons for other countries.
We have a right to see and experience more of the increased public scrutiny as they increasingly view themselves and their lives as targets, especially when we already have a couple of electoral elections before Christmas where enormous polarization is likely to affect the outcome.
There are plenty of "political prisoners" but a large proportion are mostly inmates already, so an extra year would almost certainly be enough to get them to the front door. Like many of us we would expect to see fewer criminals locked up for life but we don't, so we have a right to make sure offenders are completely exempt from the societal sentencing commission.
We already see that there are a few cases where judges have allowed - and certainly argued - an additional 12 months of imprisonment. We would also be more than happy to see that there are serious cases being recorded so that courts actually recognise their offenders aren't organised gang members but simply terrorising the community, not wishing to raise crime levels.
While this will not work as much as many initially thought, there would be a new minimum set of laws and studies that will hopefully allow the perpetrator to be held for longer than his or her "second-hand" slumming and planned robbery.
"There may be other reasons that have been suggested for sentencing which include the societal improvements that have occurred, the numerous films relating to modern criminality, the increased security resources we have and the fact that we have grown up in communities with mass destruction," writes Time Books in a helpful reading.
With this more and more people constantly on the fringes of society, it will make it even harder for us to ensure that we don't get into the wrong cells. Who knows what would happen after such a high proportion of crimes go unsolved.
The changes we think we are capable of doing to our society have been popularised and popularised by lots of politicians, so it is likely that this time we are in for a significant backlash in our eyes. A lot of what we think of as being "good" politicians have had a higher productivity than criminals have.
These changes would obviously require a lot of these things. Perhaps the only catalyst to help to remove this delusion is a national prison regime which will inevitably have to be weeded out in the future.
The verdict is by no means unanimous. We cannot pretend to understand more of the legal issues behind those riots in Blackberry Plc than we are prepared to admit.

>>> COSINE: 0.2482047865295119

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Weed is being legalized in a few places (I don't live in one and it may take a while to see the effects). Personally I think the only advantage to legalizing illicit drugs is to get revenue by taxing them. That's what they do with cigarettes, which is shit because cigarettes are so bad for peoples health.
>>> DATE: 00-6-2016
>>> TEXT: Drugs being illegal holds back research that could be done on them. How do you think most street drugs started? A lot, maybe all, of street drugs started out as medical application drugs but were taken out of use because they were too addictive and/or harmful. No research needs to be done on them. We know them well. The reason why street drugs have a reputation for unpredictability is because cheap-ass drug manufacturers cut random shit into their product.  Drugs being legal would make it easy for drug addicts to seek medical help without fear of arrest. There are already ways for addicts to seek treatment without criminal charges. The government actually *wants* to help you get off drugs.  he/she is going to use the more dangerous drug because of an inability to access the safer oneI think that would happen regardless of whether someones usual drug is legal or not. Your point is a valid one and commonly discussed. Weed is being legalized in a few places (I don't live in one and it may take a while to see the effects). Personally I think the only advantage to legalizing illicit drugs is to get revenue by taxing them. That's what they do with cigarettes, which is shit because cigarettes are so bad for peoples health. edit: spelling
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: While drugs like heroin aren't illegal here, they're illegal in 35 states, UK (Picture: Duncan Smith/GETTY IMAGES)
Gone are the days when alcohol and tobacco were the ultimate smoking addiction. What used to be sold for more than ten bucks is now a single serving of beer or a boozer.
Could the average American see their light at the end of the tunnel for weed or pot? One thing it won't be: legalisation of illicit drugs.
No drugs for sale in 1.5 states (Picture: Alamy)
In the US there’s a recommendation that’s not taken into account because if you’re sneaking something on your public roll then it could cost a lot of money to pay off your debt.
Legalisation of illegal drugs like heroin and LSD in more than a dozen states is as follows:
US states: California, Maine, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, North Carolina, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Missouri, Vermont, Michigan, Nevada, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Rhode Island, Washington, and Wyoming
If you’re not a fan of legalising drugs like heroin and LSD the only alternative is legalizing them in as many states as you can. (By the way as the ‘last-on-prostitution’ thing has always been a crock of nonsense and they lose money in legalisation so there’s nothing more to it except for your occasional beer if the supply comes from some shady shady city firm.)
New York City is also currently experimenting with the idea, although there’s no idea how widespread it’ll be (either law or drugs) and how much people will pay for it.
I do believe that you need the extra taxes and spending on legalisation to make it cheaper for the people who are suffering the most at all. Why is it that people suffer all of the expense and the price when it is really worth it?
The same underlying argument as taking away a thing from the sick and the poor does apply to the rest of the population – people with lower incomes, who live on less than a dollar a day – and will pay a cost related to taxes and penalties. In other words, to take away a cheap habit for some people to be a cop out isn’t that expensive.
Not everyone living in the US will be affected by the restrictions but more than half of residents in New York already do at least one thing (even if the vast majority are not professionals – which for the rest of us is like telling a guinea pig you’re the next to die of malaria).
You have to make sure that a lot of people are happy and not dependent on public transport. Be aware that there are sometimes homeless people sleeping on the streets, people who might drink a lot of fluids, people who are trafficking drugs, people who don’t have friends in public spaces (or at least don’t drink enough drinks).
It’s okay to allow people to smoke when they are tired and not for feeling like a naughty girl and not when they need extra help at the worst possible time. There is of course a reason behind this.
MORE: Masterchef winner eliminated on live final after refusing 12 tests: ‘I’m looking for inspiration from other people’
MORE: Being a smoker is cruel on mental health suffers, according to Irish man

>>> COSINE: 0.21285130221799253

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Do you agree or disagree with this statement: Selling marijuana is immoral because it is illegal. I disagree with that statement. Selling marijuana where it is illegal **can be** immoral because of the law. Because that is your implication, likewise with running casinos and selling alcohol to 16 ear olds (you've changed the age, I noticed).
>>> DATE: 00-1-2017
>>> TEXT: Seems like you're saying two different things here, or am I misunderstanding you? If it might be moral to avoid paying your taxes when how can you say the morality is based on what your legal obligation to pay is?It might be moral to avoid paying my taxes *altogether*. It might be moral to evade this or that particular tax, if it was imposed unjustly or used for unjust ends. But surely if I compute my taxes and I owe $3000, I can't just say "Well I'm only gonna pay $1500, because the law doesn't matter." Like, driving on the wrong side of the road isn't immoral because it is illegal. You can't say, "well it's an illegal act, therefore it is immoral" can you?Why do we drive on the right side of the road?Because it's the law. If it was the law to drive on the left side of the road, should we drive on the right side? Do you agree or disagree with this statement: Selling marijuana is immoral because it is illegal. I disagree with that statement. Selling marijuana where it is illegal **can be** immoral because of the law. Because that is your implication, likewise with running casinos and selling alcohol to 16 ear olds (you've changed the age, I noticed). Yes, I changed the age because I mistakenly thought the cutoff age for selling alcohol in Italy was 18, but it's actually 16. I don't think the legality of these acts has anything to do with their morality. You're fine with people running unlicensed casinos? I think there actually is a pretty **big** difference between running a legal casino and running an illegal casino. If you don't think an act can be made moral or immoral by changing its legal status then you agree with me that the legality of an action has no bearing on its morality. This statement is simply false. It is a totally invalid and untrue assertion. If I think *some acts* can be made moral or immoral by becoming legal or illegal, that doesn't mean I think **all acts** can have their morality determined by it. You've simply made a fundamental error in your argument. I claim that morality *can be* influenced by legality, for *some things*. You are falsely asserting that my position is "Morality *always is* determined by legality, for *all things*."
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: There's the awkward issue of the fact that this decision seems to require that the penalty is harsher than the punishment... So I wonder whether the company has decided to lower the investment threshold. Alternatively, you may be a dab hand with an article that is asking for judgement, just since it's been widely published
The debate over "using local law to take advantage of the powers of others" is big news over the course of the year. Australians have been coming to see these talking points in the press, with some of these stories being taken as moral virtue.
But the debate is not over. It is beyond divisive and fraught with content and use, and rarely turns into a whirling fusillade of unjustifiable injustice.
This has been a relentless year for the debate over marijuana, with a 2018 vote on the Question Time debate and an Australian letter from a student signed by a vice president arguing against legalization. Yet I wonder whether the company has decided to lower the investment threshold.
It is an argument that has been held back because, despite the state legislation, it is from a company that does not seem to share this position. An Aussie business obviously believes cannabis is illegal, that it is an important recreational product in Australia, and that it should be regulated if it is not illegal. Cannabis is also illegal, by the provisions of the NSW Law for public consumption and alcohol, even when it is legal.
And yet the company that develops it and that ought to benefit is maintaining a position that it may receive equity stake in the business itself. It appears to me that the language is being used by the company to underscore this point.
A team of lawyers for cannabis market research website Liverpudlian, who offer we have an opinion, I asked Chief Executive Neil McKay if he had any concerns about the company's stance. His replies were direct and clearly clear.
SHAREHOLDERS CROSS HELL We promise you will not accept 'white-collar fines' for marijuana offenders
The potential downside of throwing money at the business is that the clients who have to pay for the police powers may end up with little if any sense of dignity, and often create a defensive response to new laws.
McKay's stance does not mean that users (especially those who do not possess drugs) are necessarily guilty and the government should remain concerned about the negative impact that such liability may have on the economy.
But I wonder whether the company has decided to lower the investment threshold. What that threshold is, and how much of that depends on the outcome of legal challenge from users to charges?
The answer is straightforward: it can take many weeks before the regulation can take effect for a small business to be able to reap from this. The company would then need to take much longer to get it to work because the bill in NSW has effectively gone through with the application of the so-called CLIC implementation.
WILL THE GOVERNMENT CUT THE AMBITION? If you do not believe I am coming across as being serious when I write this I will let you know. So my guess is that if the proposal does not reach the agenda of the Government then the organisation that does get that funding, will first raise funds, and then put an application in to get more money.
You may be a dab hand with an article that is asking for judgement, just since it's been widely published

>>> COSINE: 0.10909892399864828

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: That doesn't answer anything the poster saidIt offers an evidenced theory as to why cannabis has a medical effect on the human body and isn't simply an excuse to get stoned. See the answer to the third question below. The endocannabinoid system processes chemicals secreted by the human body. It functions and is useful even in somebody who doesn't use cannabis at all.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2017
>>> TEXT: That doesn't answer anything the poster saidIt offers an evidenced theory as to why cannabis has a medical effect on the human body and isn't simply an excuse to get stoned. See the answer to the third question below.  The endocannabinoid system processes chemicals secreted by the human body. It functions and is useful even in somebody who doesn't use cannabis at all. Exactly. Medicine is used because something is wrong and a symptom needs to be addressed.   Claiming that the existence of chemicals in nature that our body can process does not mean our bodies developed in symbiosis with those chemicals. Which is why theories are explored and supported or discarded. Plant cannabinoids interact with humans in specific ways within the endocannabinoid system. So the symbiosis is simply an established fact. This symbiosis has known medical applications. Humans are just another mammal on a space rock who happened to have evolved an endocannabinoid system to regulate certain mammal body functions. Humans can also process external plant-derived cannabinoids to known therapeutic effects. On this human-inhabited space rock grows a cannabinoid plant which may be one of the first human domesticated plants stretching back into our unknown prehistory. I may be using the term "evolve" a little loosely, but the connection between the plant, the mammal and these specific chemicals occurred on a small space rock over a long period of time.  You're making the same mistake as those Intelligent Design folks. No need to be snarky, but you do raise a hilarious point. If one is to assume a cosmic watchmaker, then she designed da weed for a reason. Christians should be the biggest pot heads. God made grass after all. Or is that the infamous tree of the knowledge of good & evil that pisses god off so much?
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Now you can all choose to get abstinent. See what another anthropologist says on this subject
If you’re just beginning to brew, why can’t cannabis be helpful? Well, (as your friends would say) there’s really only one answer, and that’s the idea that this is no big deal.
A social media artist has offered the answers: cannabis has a genetic origin so it's not so strange. According to one article in Science Magazine, this is because cannabis comes from the ancestors of the Earth. And so has the animal systems.
There is no obvious reason for this! Whether the human body has cannabinoid products, including cannabinoids and related compounds such as Prozac, Zofran, Cialis, Kase, and Vicodin, or none at all – absolutely nothing to worry about.
If you think about it, then the “chemical engineering” involved in making cannabis actually is weird and totally unlikely to produce any health benefits, let alone cures. You’re nothing if you don’t use cannabis.
I understand your open-mindedness, but you’ve got a reason for still using cannabis, despite even having been given a very open-ended prohibition…
1. You don’t know what the difference between marijuana and alcohol is because the two are similar. Legal weed tends to be recreated on its own terms.
2. Because it is made from marijuana and the organisms that cause it – yeavian, Icelandic and other — often want to be self-medicated.
3. It isn’t the herbal compound use in Botox as we think we are, but instead, the hydration, how it mimics the feel of the skin.
4. It has some sort of protective effect from taking the popular NHS-supplied medication Paxil. For that matter, it’s a substance that has been both used for medical and recreational purposes, resulting in most serious opioid disorders including heroin addiction, AIDS, and cancer.
So, if you’re the one to stick it out, there are other candidates to take part in the season of craving cannabis and the results so far are very promising. Let's get start with that date: 10 January 2020 (Started again when legal recreational users are not asked).

>>> COSINE: 0.1811463353386282

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: When I had mine, despite knowing my family history and having a negative drug test for everything but marijuana, the psych hospital told my parents I had "almost definitely" smoked weed laced with PCP, which was "the problem with dangerous street drugs". That's all just to say that I'm super-sensitive about saying someone caused their own mental health problems, because, even from family members who had experienced the same condition, I had to listen to them tell me it was my fault for the months it took me to recover my normal patterns of thought.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2018
>>> TEXT: That's interesting. Just to give you some (perhaps overly personal) background, about half the males in my family have a single psychotic episode around the time they turn twenty with no clear environmental cause. When I had mine, despite knowing my family history and having a negative drug test for everything but marijuana, the psych hospital told my parents I had "almost definitely" smoked weed laced with PCP, which was "the problem with dangerous street drugs". That's all just to say that I'm super-sensitive about saying someone caused their own mental health problems, because, even from family members who had experienced the same condition, I had to listen to them tell me it was my fault for the months it took me to recover my normal patterns of thought. That article certainly makes more of a case than I've seen elsewhere, but I'm not sure I find it convincing. Here's the paragraph where they differentiate correlation/causation: Of course, association does not prove causation. However, one by one, alternative explanations have gradually been disproved.4 Patients do not start using cannabis to self-medicate their psychotic or prodromal symptoms or side-effects of drugs, but rather use it for the same reasons as the rest of the population, principally for its high. The risk of psychosis remains after controlling for personality disorder and use of other psychotogenic drugs. Some overlap between genes carrying susceptibility to schizophrenia and to drug use has been reported but insufficient to explain more than a fraction of the relationship.4This argument seems to based on self-reported motivations, controlling for diagnosed personality disorders, and controlling for other drug use. I'm not sure the fact that people express the desire to get high says much about why they're taking a substance, and I think there's a much broader range of "sub-optimal" mental states (that might lead one to self-medicate) than are regularly diagnosed. If they wanted to claim we knew there was still a correlation after controlling for, e. g., Borderline Personality Disorder that'd be one thing, but it seems like a stretch to say ruling that sort of thing out proves causation. edit: extraneous comma
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: As I look forward to helping "compound" my symptoms with one of my own known drugs (which so far includes pot), I have the nagging feeling that just because I like beer and beer and beer and beer and American weed, I have not grown to avoid ciggies. Well, I've agreed to let my dad teach me about finding real painkillers and it's all I'm now trying to do as an adult. No, I don't think he meant to think I was ever worth my own time to make. So it's a mixed bag for us, and we're now grateful that his experience hasn't changed my opinion of what a real life drug would do.
But I'd like to give my dad some examples.
Is time spent apart taking drugs be the issue when you are with your dad?
It is one of those situations where your father isn't completely responsible. He doesn't know the significance of your breakdowns, but if someone comes to your home and disrupts everything during the day, chances are you will blame them. If you're just in need of these straightforward things to fix, your dad might pretend to spend your time on something as important as sleep deprivation to light up a mattress. Your Dad could try to break your sleep cycle by breaking your car into pieces if you are not taking his pills.
You don't need to have a really bad nuttier problem to have a happy one, but if you are going to have a happy day, don't pack on the pounds; if you are going to eat a fancy salad every now and then, there might be a host of pears on the menu when the time is right. Just because somebody in your family got stabbed doesn't mean you will abandon the habit. You might even move into an entirely new house entirely on your own. Then you'll feel that your own bloodline is really the fault of the guy you're fighting with, so your parents might take turns knowing which one you deserve.
Are you an expert and do you like to help others find relief from the effects of mental health treatment?
I love hanging out with my Dad and spending a lot of time at home working with students on making positive art, so I do sometimes work on materials for that project. I feel very involved in helping someone in mental health treatment. I also think the amount of effort involved is pretty low for someone who hasn't had a good year, though, so be thankful, because that's not how we approach it.
What inspired you to meditate every single day?
I meditate a lot, but in the week I try to study and I'm good at translating classes into practice. It's definitely one of the best practices I have ever learnt, and to always make your own solution to life's problems.
What has it been like to see you acknowledge your mental health?
I feel really lucky. I love watching my parents tell me that it takes real people to be true to themselves, and to be true to themselves. It's really good to see them actually talking about it because to know that this is what they call love is just so good.
Given the success of your son's wellbeing (because who is crying?) I can't help but hope your sister is a real parent and to have a healthy baby, too.
Shibbyhornet28 will be visiting addiction specialist Biodieselwork until 13 December

>>> COSINE: 0.22328033148166568

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news.
>>> DATE: 00-12-2018
>>> TEXT: If the laws that negatively disaffect them were instated in a time of segregation where mass populations of white acted against every single right they had, with no reparation other than "We're sorry. There racism is over!" Yes this broke up communities and has had long lasting affects on social cohesion.  communities were broken up and crime rate soared after they were negatively targeted for drug crimes. You want to know what this was really all about? he asked with the bluntness of a man who, after public disgrace and a stretch in federal prison, had little left to protect. The Nixon campaign in 1968, and the Nixon White House after that, had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people. You understand what Im saying? We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: WASHINGTON, Dec 12 (Reuters) - Some of these problems were chronic enough to threaten the right to be a free black man and black woman - we could not improve on them, and so the idea of tracking down smokers who use marijuana might be acceptable.
Two years after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' inauguration, which drew ridicule for removing civil rights attorney Merrick Garland from the Justice Department's appeals process, it might be time to revise some of our attitudes, which are toxic.
Sessions himself was a typical conservative. Many of us had forgiven him for betraying our faith in the White House and our safety through his self-doubt, temperament and rhetoric.
The moment he began his tenure, in 1994, was terrifying - his predecessor Michael Chertoff led the charge to obliterate President Bill Clinton's gang of "gang bosses" after he voted against extending the federal legal medical marijuana program.
He didn't take great comfort in a prediction that the feds were going to let crime fighters succeed in the "second amendment" by closing down streets where people sold drugs and the drugs were popular with the other citizens.
Another instance of Americans abandoning the race and class difference was the 1964 civil rights march in Chicago. It lasted for 45 minutes, won three prizes, and ran as the second of "two major mass movements' major slogans."
In his speech, Sessions said: "We are not driving a big truck or going to the Hill or the Bank of England. We are conducting ourselves with the same freedom that we have been in our great race. We are open to innovation and another blow will blow us all the way to the moon."
Progressive far-right websites say he was right and they haven't had to explain to this day how they undermine the human race. He can be difficult to explain, but the question is how to adequately sound "progressive." And how to explain to white people that they have to believe for a fact that racism has been here since slavery?
Sessions did so with fervor. He committed the "greatest crime" of all American laws and affected a whole generation of young Americans, many of them black and gay. He even presented how he had filled the record - Justice Department data show that 16 percent of Chicago's black residents are black. He claimed racism has all but gone away - a very improbable claim.
Worse still, Sessions was not the first person to murder black people on the streets because they had white blood on their hands. He did it on his watch, to defeat a Republican president's ambition of deporting too many criminals, but he was good. And he was also strong enough to shoot at the militia members who try to disarm white men who do not give blacks a right to life.
Sessions called himself a "hero" for persecuting blacks and one who, despite the struggles of a generation of racists, was at one time a beacon of hope for all Americans. But it seems those black heroes want no part of our history.
The people of America still believe it was a privilege for people of color to be first class citizens. Those who are not are not. The reason we can't manage it is because a few bad apples can destroy all of our progress.

>>> COSINE: 0.21576949235051995

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: People downplay the mental effects of weed too much. It's the same thing with alcohol. Not everyone who drinks will end up with problems (though many do) and they either deal with it or quit. It's literally the same thing with weed. And a large portion of people who smoke weed and might have some mental effects just continue smoking, so they never find out what those effects are.
>>> DATE: 00-8-2019
>>> TEXT: Thank you. People downplay the mental effects of weed too much. It's the same thing with alcohol. Not everyone who drinks will end up with problems (though many do) and they either deal with it or quit. It's literally the same thing with weed. And a large portion of people who smoke weed and might have some mental effects just continue smoking, so they never find out what those effects are. People say weed isn't addictive, but I can tell you there definitely is a craving sensation after you smoke for a while. Plus, you feel shitty without weed if you've been toking constantly for a long time. Isn't that the same thing as withdrawal? If not in a physical sense, then in a mental sense (due to lack of cannabinoids in the brain lifting your mood). Then again, since the brain is a physical organ, maybe it is physical. But I digress, some people can deal with it just fine - but there are downsides to consistent weed usage. Mainly mental. It makes you lazy as shit compared to if you were sober. It can lead to depression, anxiety, or just lowered motivation and drive in general. It's funny because all these kind weed downsides were commonly referenced by stoners themselves or stoner movies, songs, etc. I'm not saying that everybody will experience these things, but that they are a real possibility. This kind of reminds me of the backlash people would get when someone pointed out the deleterious effects of cigarettes or alcohol back in the day - I'm talking about decades ago. Most people said they were fine and that it was bullshit. But look where we are today. I think it'll take time until people calm down and actually assess the situation. I'm all for legalization and recreational use. But seriously, all things in moderation.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: What do those effects have to do with weed? Here are some interesting, thorny questions, and, finally, what can you tell people about what they can do to stay in control of their own behaviour and behaviour.
This is our first detailed look at alcohol. The whole thing is in an article in the New Year's edition of The Psychologically Incorrect Guide to Alcohol and Other Behaviours.
At the beginning of 2014, we had written a book called Report and Life. It has been long since made into a film and it features a lot of interesting things — but there have been other bizarre stuff in the book.
From PewDiePie (a World Championship Wrestling commentator, for example) to The Beer Sheets, Samir Bachadi has a massive list of stuff under the tree.
When will you get out of that drinking path? We love grocery shopping, but there are very good reasons why you can get that out of you.
We're in the age of binge drinking. It means that at least some people will go out and spend at least two or three nights in bed and then have a brief binge (that is, you don't have to stop to eat again), but half of them will not be off it for six or seven nights. It is still very satisfying. But it's harder than it has ever been. Here are some of the mindboggling effects people have to deal with:
Being in prison or the like
Getting stitches while being in a hospital; treating domestic violence and harassment.
Missing or experiencing mental health issues
Being upset or having guilt over how busy it's getting (and how hard it is to go out alone, for instance).
Someone suffering with a family history of mental illness, whether they're close to the end of their career or died of a mental illness.
Treating
Families and friends who have suffered stress, anxiety, stress, trouble sleeping and got a sense of rest.
High-risk individuals taking prescription medications
Persons who have been diagnosed with a mental health condition.
Getting drunk
Having too much s**t at night
In January, the stress that comes with trying to quit after failing to pay your own bills.
Declining emotions or being depressed

>>> COSINE: 0.2875983247964205

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I'm so sick of people saying it's should be legal to smoke weed, weed is bad! it's not fucking healthy in anyway, the research that shows it doesn't do much bad to you is done on people well into adulthood, and those people generally are not tested for very long, and their brains are developed, so those research of course don't show many negative results because weed does damage to your brain that isn't as bad as when you use heroin that fucks you badly up instantly, now on the other hand, research on young people is the one that is showing the bad results, that are true i. e possibility of hindering or disrupting cognitive function and plenty of other bad stuff, basically if you're an adult it doesn't do that much bad to you but still can do bad stuff to you, it's very dangerous to young kid's brains and their development.
>>> DATE: 00-12-2019
>>> TEXT: I'm so sick of people saying it's should be legal to smoke weed, weed is bad! it's not fucking healthy in anyway, the research that shows it doesn't do much bad to you is done on people well into adulthood, and those people generally are not tested for very long, and their brains are developed, so those research of course don't show many negative results because weed does damage to your brain that isn't as bad as when you use heroin that fucks you badly up instantly, now on the other hand, research on young people is the one that is showing the bad results, that are true i. e possibility of hindering or disrupting cognitive function and plenty of other bad stuff, basically if you're an adult it doesn't do that much bad to you but still can do bad stuff to you, it's very dangerous to young kid's brains and their development. Look weed should be allowed for dying cancer patient and other people who feel awful and just want to enjoy their last living moments peacefully, but how can you possibly justify legalizing weed when it has already shown that it does horrible damage to young peoples brains and i'm not talking about teens, peoples brains aren't fully developed until 25! and has bad effects on adults too? And to those who use alcohol death rates as a comparison, that doesn't make any fucking sense either!? alcohol is literal poison, it kills far more yes but that's because the effects of marijuana do not show as prominent as alcohol but it still does damage to your body and why try to justify that with the rates of poison that's only legal because of it's history and it's just common in todays culture. I know this was all over the place, but what I'm trying to get across is that weed is bad for you and statistics don't tell you the whole story because of the age range those researches are made on, but I sure as hell wouldn't want my future kids to be in a world where weed is easily reachable, but of course terminally ill people should have the chance to enjoy their last few living moments happy.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This week, the Libertarian Ethics Commission released some findings on the issue. As Buzzfeed reported:
Just a few months ago I was talking about people often abusing marijuana and thinking that in 20 years we'll have people really getting into first-degree criminal possession of a weapon and — for that reason — think we should ban weed and weed for young people, so as not to hurt anyone. I'm pretty sure that's the only explanation. I'm not quite sure that is the reason — just that everyone has such odd powers and it comes from the academy, which is scary to an extent. And there's a bunch of ideas on how this might happen, and there are just a lot of stupid ideas here that nobody has even tried to think about.
There are some interesting examples that seem to demonstrate the same alarming fact: just like in the first bunch of drugs I mentioned, people believe marijuana is fine to use, while in that third generation and after, cannabis takes away a lot of all that is good.
So this study is no doubt about the bottom line for marijuana use, although it's also about helping young people develop their cognitive skills. I think it's great that libertarians like James Hansen found similar findings, but that's because libertarians have a grandstanding set of figures in their heads saying marijuana is a good thing, that it's good to use, there's no logic behind it. At the same time it's amazing that libertarianism, which follows a simple approach to science to avoid radical change, a structure to avoid, that has ideas and a different way of thinking, now has a problem to worry about.
Another statement in the study is that marijuana is not only not a bad thing, but it is incredibly harmful to our brain. It's a great drug, if it should be allowed to remain there; it's been a massive part of our lives since the end of time and just showed up that every Tuesday and Thursday, every month at least, you don't have to worry about it. But it's important that people know it's not bad to use for recreational purposes because it's actually good to use, if you really want to know the extent of how badly it harms your brain or any other part of the brain, (and why, for example, it's not great to use, rather than just to reduce the dose, just that it impacts your brain's ability to modulate motion of moving things like particles).
There are lots of brilliant and pioneering ideas on the subject, from Harvard's Robert Kagan (maybe the most successful law professor of our time, for almost 30 years) to French philosopher David Levenson, who works off the tip of his tongue, noting how hemp is "rather innocuous", but you don't really need to eat any hemp extract to get it in your body — even if it's bad in the most ordinary way — and furthermore how smart you should be about how clean it is to use on the premises, regardless of how heavy.

>>> COSINE: 0.31024152089156026

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: A lot of your argument seems to be based on a comparison between marijuana and other drugs. But the problem is, most drugs aren't comparable to marijuana. You suppose that heroin would gain a level of illegal production to match what marijuana's has become, and I just can't wrap my head about why you think that might be.
>>> DATE: 00-11-2019
>>> TEXT: A lot of your argument seems to be based on a comparison between marijuana and other drugs. But the problem is, most drugs aren't comparable to marijuana. You suppose that heroin would gain a level of illegal production to match what marijuana's has become, and I just can't wrap my head about why you think that might be. There aren't many heroin or meth users out there developing a hobbyist's interest in producing their drug. &#x200B;Or the idea that use of heroin or meth will maintain or increase at legalization, and I certainly don't believe that. The crowd that isn't doing meth and heroin aren't avoiding it because of legal repercussions. &#x200B;While legal marijuana almost definitely increased the rate of marijuana DUI cases, I find it a similarly hollow claim that heroin and meth users would cause more DUIs if it was legal. Perhaps some, but again, marijuana isn't like meth and heroin. Marijuana DUI cases are likely as high as they are because it's so easy for so many to get away with it. I don't necessarily believe that there's going to be thousands of meth heads mixed into my traffic if they only thing they have to fear is a DUI. &#x200B;Nor can the War on Drugs take credit for ancillary crimes found when chasing drugs. They would still be illegal, and we'd all agree it still should be pursued and stopped. There's no reason to think cops are powerless unless they are chasing drugs.&#x200B;At the end of the day though, none of it touches on the real true failings of the War on Drugs. In the world of narcotics law enforcement, there aren't victims. There are users and dealers. Treating drug addiction like a health problem and trying to solve it as such is proven to be more effective than punitive punishments, and you simply cannot balance a medical approach while at the same time pursuing criminal charges against drug users. Legalizing all drugs isn't going to solve the drug problem, it's a necessary first step to solutions that actually work.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: I always recall how toxic a lot of chatter seemed at the time. This is probably one of those stories where I wanted to express that I don't feel very enthusiastic about this? I was confused by the idea that drug dealers would finance most of the drug supply for themselves – and I don't really see why someone could not profit from that.
But why would anyone believe that war is the problem? Imagine what the other pot mess would look like if it were years before prohibition was legal. Instead of fearing for the others, do we feel inclined to sustain a wider debate about the pros and cons of marijuana?
That really is so interesting. We seem to have made an argument with more nuance than the expert arguments, with minor tweaks that detract from the truth and with realistic observational stories built around the facts of what's being said. Of course this whole extra-legalisation thing is keeping people away from marijuana. But then no matter how you get round that sentiment, that argument must end and everyone feels equally unsettled by whatever the problem is. That also explains why the author of this essay, Professor Chris Crennan, argued that no legitimate questions have to be asked on whether the illegal drugs used in the US are primarily used to manufacture cannabis. The argument is fine to you, that we need to find something to please our disapproving constituents – to make them dosh with it. But the argument is really just a mechanism to make things pop. It's like the Earth's going to snap into alignment, so I'll allow you to call that a "goggle".
So the argument might be that this is a fine argument to start making, that everything is now mainly just about politics, that marijuana is most of the product: it's fundamentally a not-for-profit industry that's meant to give society great wealth, but which, when you add in the mass marketing effect of more than 60 different kinds of illegitimate drug-product – including, of course, the stuff you don't know anything about – it's all about money. Again, we can't really resolve this because all that we can do is just pretend that, while we may think we know everything about marijuana, it really isn't. So the problem with the “mythology” of course lies with the other half of it. Because we think we know a lot about cannabis, and don't realise much about the medical side that is equally true, how we can leave such a large part of it to us to allow others to exploit it as their own private fiefdom.
And I've got a pointed question to ask yourself if you'll question that – is it completely true that the whole drug industry is okay to move vast amounts of it on to the drug market? Yes. The reality is that any drug company who needs marijuana for an entire pot business, and whose people should know what the costs are and what is a valid recovery mechanism for recovering it, will only be exposed to a price increase that they don't actually know. So my question is why is there such a major backlash against the industry and why isn't it what it is now, people of, like, a possible conspiracy against the sovereignty of the common people? Wouldn't that have allowed them to convince everyone else that, believe it or not, there's something to the conspiracy theory?
So what's the cure for all this bullshit? And should we use that, as the historian Anna Graham Raddon astutely argues, to justify more pot smoking by all those customers who will hopefully save their lives? Simple, eh? But a lot of this is mine to ponder in passing: just why should everyone be excited about the benefits of legalized drug sales in terms of the health of society? Is it because it's more likely to be cheaper, or because it's easier to sell, or because it's more safe, or because marijuana's been around for so long?

>>> COSINE: 0.3103829506727131

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: In the UK, marijuana is an illegal drug to distribute despite it being relatively safe compared to many other drugs (including alcohol and tobacco). However, classifying it as similar to cocaine or meth has restricted the conversation on it and causes people to become misinformed about the effects of the drug and stigmatises those who use/sell it.
>>> DATE: 00-3-2019
>>> TEXT: Some porn is ok, but theres some abuse porn, stretching, fisting, spitting, peeing, pooping, etc. Remember the 2 girls 1 cup. Would you want a 16 yr old masturbating to that thinking its normal?This is where my last line in the actual bit of the argument comes in about parents making sure their child is safe and informed. I agree there are genres of porn that you can stumble upon that promote unsafe ideas i. e. abuse, rape, etc. but generally you need to include those sorts of things as search terms in order to actually find them. Children should be taught this sort of thing is wrong and that consent and a condom are the golden two for any encounter they may have in the future. I also believe children are smart enough to realise things like 2 girls 1 cup aren't exactly the norm. There is always going to be ways for pre adults to view pornography, whether there is a law in place or not. Which is why instead of stigmatising it and discouraging conversation, we should promote safe and secure ways people can use pornography. In the UK, marijuana is an illegal drug to distribute despite it being relatively safe compared to many other drugs (including alcohol and tobacco). However, classifying it as similar to cocaine or meth has restricted the conversation on it and causes people to become misinformed about the effects of the drug and stigmatises those who use/sell it. *Despite the law, people will still consume marijauna. However, the law has caused misinformation regarding it's consumption which has lead to worse circumstances than the act itself.*
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 3 years old
French lawyers have advised South African authorities to keep up to date with drug regulations
Officials from the South African government have advised local authorities in South Africa to closely monitor marijuana policy, with several countries worldwide banned from enforcing the terms of the deal
British authorities sent their pitch to British authorities on the subject of cannabis oil, which allows people to legally produce it without having to undergo extensive tests.
British state information officers, who have liaised with the United States, U.K. and Australia on this issue, have asked countries to tighten their regulations on pot and have prohibited individuals from possessing and selling cannabis oil in the United States.
A South African court has sent its decision to the United States on the case to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
Withdrawal of British restrictions: how illegal is pot?
The British and U.K. governments failed to convince the United States Congress last month to authorise their government to review an existing restriction on distributing cannabis oil, dubbed THC, passed in the 1970s.
Legalization might also help it, because it means marijuana, already legal in the US, could easily be used to make crack cocaine. "What happens, it's a matter of when," Gavin Plucki, head of the British public prosecutions office, told German magazine Der Spiegel, according to Bloomberg.
A Reuters analysis of FDA database data found that the Drug Enforcement Administration's drug policy center in Washington and data from US anti-marijuana groups JUMP.org shows restrictions could also apply to apples and cherry sauce.
The US government this month announced its decision to halt sales of cannabis oil in some states with low legalization rates – Montana has already signed up to that. In the UK, British citizens can but that doesn't mean it's illegal, according to Tony Clark, a former former staff attorney at the Drug Enforcement Administration in Washington and now a partner at CanniForensics LLP.
"The UK government has a clear position and the one that says it can't operate with any restrictions is that it's 'unfit for business,'" Clark told Reuters.
A spokesman for British government affairs, Phil Browne, said:"We have long maintained that the DEA is a fully compliant state agency to the letter. In its own power as a public service, we will provide the fullest protection to our fellow citizens."

>>> COSINE: 0.08050621738102073

