>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Pot, this is kettle.... They Are Against Renewable Energy and Their Disbelief in Climate Change is Insane and Shouldn't Be Tolerated At This PointCan't even accurately articulate the arguments conservatives make against climate change, how on earth do you know that they are wrong?
>>> DATE: 00-9-2015
>>> TEXT: They Are Against Equal Rights For All Humans and Their Arguments Are TerribleThere's one party in the US that insists everyone should be treated equally regardless of race, color, or gender. THe other party is the democratic party, which insists that the government do favors for some races and genders but not others. Why do you think the former party is against equality?  They Want the United States to Essentially Be a Christian Theocracy.... Now I may be biased since I'm an secularist, Yes, you are. They Are Pro-WarThe Obama administration has started more wars and spent more money on war than the bush administration. So I think when you said "this is obvious", what you meant to say was this is obviously wrong.  They Are Overly Nationalistic, a Trait That Has Proven Deadly Throughout HistorySays the man who thinks people should be proud of their race, sexual orientation, or any number of other arbitrary categories. Pot, this is kettle.... They Are Against Renewable Energy and Their Disbelief in Climate Change is Insane and Shouldn't Be Tolerated At This PointCan't even accurately articulate the arguments conservatives make against climate change, how on earth do you know that they are wrong? They're Pro-Big Business and Pro-Big-Lobbying, Essentially Turning the United States Into An OligarchyOnce again, we must turn to barack obama, the [money-rasingest]() presidential candidate in history twice running. Or hillary clinton, who plans to [literally double]() Obama's previous record. there's definitely big money in american politics, but it's backing democrats, not republicans.  They Want to Tax the Rich Less and Tax the Poor and Middle-Class Moreonce again, your facts are simply inaccurate. The bush tax cuts made the tax code more progressive, not less. MarijuanaTraditionally, liberals are pro-marijuana and conservatives are against it. Democratic vice president is a proud drug warrior, as is most of his party. Prohibition was a progressive effort from the start. progressives are most certainly not traditionally pro-pot, or any other drug.  Conservatives seem to love locking people up and spending trillions on prisons. no, they love locking up criminals. Do you prefer to let them keep committing crimes? In addition, any reasonable human being should be against private for-profit prisonsThat's a reasonable position, as long as you're also against [for-profit prison guard unions.]() Otherwise you're just a giant hypocrite.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Right now, the US Navy (USN) is helping authorities down the coast of Greenland to clear 4,300 tonnes of coal ash from rivers in one of Europe's harshest environmental impacts. Britain has also signed an international deal to cut its own carbon emissions. If we can't act to reduce global warming, European countries have no choice but to adopt a tougher definition of climate change. It's like children jumping out of a mow. But in truth, the answer is not to persuade the UK to take action on the issue (I'm sure the PM has the skills to do that by himself). Only to persuade their leaders to allow us to think they can answer the climate change question if they simply want to stop being hypocrites themselves. If they can't, their efforts to convince others to do likewise are well-deserved. When you get personal with their choice of words, I sometimes get in a bit of a draw.
GETTY Their public rejection of climate change means they won't have the freedom to fight dirty tactics when they want to
The reason is simple. In the post-WWII era, humans are responsible for over 30% of the earth's heating and about 7.6% of the heat the planet's surface generates. When people in factories shut their doors and factories moved to newer locations such as Asia or Switzerland, people suddenly became scared of human beings. On one level, this is a scary thing because the fundamental assumption seems to be that humans account for about 40% of carbon emissions, which would clearly be absurd if the government had not threatened to attack European companies if they attacked us or threatened to threaten other nations. But when you get personal with their choice of words, I sometimes get in a bit of a draw. Although the public were rather appalled and horrified by Britain's decision to cut our carbon emissions from power stations at its very heart, the government is not really paying the price for the nonsense. At heart, the government is insisting that it have to deal with climate change in the way other countries are after oil and gas companies are after gas.
British coal polluters pollute climate with fossil fuels, so may they blame us?
PRICE DISSECTED: The UK currently has the highest average global oil prices at $40 per barrel, compared to countries with cheaper gas or other sources
As fossil fuels are threatened, the country being considered in the latest emission reduction scenarios is certainly by now being considered among the most sensitive in the world right now. The scientists who report the latest carbon emissions numbers are not wild prediction folks. They give no reason for such a massive search. Meanwhile, if we look at the number of countries that do take action, they are a distant second to Paris and Russia among the nations concerned, only behind the UK. But those countries say they will not increase their emissions unless they are on their own, I suspect, having found that some countries have anti-active or anti-pollution policies. If the international community is going to ignore the threat posed by climate change, it won't just be people in the United States, or almost everyone else, or any of the rest of the developed world. We should, sooner or later, start meeting the political and technical commitments we need to make. If we take action, we'll have to justify why we should be following this lead.

>>> COSINE: 0.15051820991657788

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Also, we are wasting tax dollars and labour for the imprisonment of people who were using marijuana.
>>> DATE: 00-7-2015
>>> TEXT: I'm sorry but your post seems very... Inaccurate I guess. Barely anybody wants it legalized for the sole purpose of being a cure. Yes, it is one of the reasons that people want it legal, but you can't say people who want it legal are short minded. There are other reasons to legalization, such as how it *is* fairly safe. Better than alcohol, and that is legal. Also, we are wasting tax dollars and labour for the imprisonment of people who were using marijuana. Do you think it is right to ruin a person's life because of smoking a plant that makes the happy? We can also generate alot of money for us if it is sold in stores and taxed. Also, one of the reasons why tobacco was assumed safe is because we didn't have all the technology to analyze it that we do today. When we got this tech, we realized that it was bad. Now with pot, he have analyzed it and it is shown that it is not so bad. TL;DR being a cure is not the only reason people want it legalized, saying that people who want it legal are short minded is infactual and just doesn't make sense.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: But it's a case of the government planning to put taxes on someone's innocence in return for finding the right people to work on it.
The money that the government is spending on making even a small dent in the crime of growing and dispensing cannabis legally is going to be spent on arresting people who, like the other developmentally disabled, cannot afford to buy drugs and keep their criminal records open.
Goaltender Jesse Frizzell, who was jailed for seven years after clearing the prison yard he was a part of, and was therefore guaranteed a reduced sentence for his business because of an offer made to make him a tip jar, says that it was his community services workers who stood between him and incarceration for making the money.
“I was charging somewhere between £11 and £12 a day and turning my green card in,” he says. “I was the only person who didn’t know I was using cannabis, and they were so glad I was going to jail. They’re only sad I’m not in here, because I’m going to miss one day.
“To make other people feel safer, to make them feel much less afraid, because I didn’t know who did what, you know, you ain’t a hypocrite. I’m good with that, it’s just a fact that the truth has to come out. It’s not good for this country and it’s not good for the world.”
He says that more work needs to be done on cannabis to benefit all people. A deputy assistant and member of the local cabinet think of creating or increasing government sanctions for people using, or buying, cannabis to commit crimes.
“This practice has now caught on and people are coming out saying, ‘don’t do it this way’,” he says. “This will come from elsewhere. We have to help people out, that’s the last thing we need at this time.
“So we have to start by cracking down now on this. There’s nothing more we could do. We’ve done little or nothing at the minute.”
Exeter Becardo, a member of the Parliamentary Children’s Advisory Group on Public Safety, says that it will be up to the government to make a bid for a sentence above the maximum. “There’s been a big suggestion that they consider who had a criminal record so it would be disproportionate to the sentence they put in.
“It has to be in the public interest for people to not use cannabis. It’s so dehumanising, as someone uses it and as they enter prison.
“I wonder how many people see that as bad, absolutely terrible, and say, ‘We thought this was a small expense, this just makes us go on with our lives,’ or I wonder how many people see it as being pretty good, overpaid for, or any amount to cope.”
Going green on cannabis? Don't know where to start
DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START
• Sign up to Never Say Never™ to Do More with Your Family, Your Friends, Your Manners and Your Social Good Movement
• Use Legal Internet to FIND a Yes No attitude to cannabis
• Measure on Any Anyarijuana to Make You Sick
• See Alternatives to Legal Marijuana
• Invest in the College of Fine Arts, With a view to fostering a future of work in the fields of chemicals and agronomy
• Access to Cannabis, Forage, forage, forage, and mushrooms

>>> COSINE: 0.2482712716021607

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I think if Hillary clinton got caught smoking weed she should go to jail for as long as a black 25 year old with a criminal record.
>>> DATE: 00-3-2016
>>> TEXT: You know... There was a time when I probably would have agreed with you. In the 1960's, 1970's when we were really just entering the age of the large administrative state and were trying to figure out how to write huge laws of general application. I would have been a big proponent of writing broad laws and then allowing prosecutors to use their discretion in their application to make sure the intent of the law was done. Then we started locking up like half of all african american men, and more people than any other country in the world. We started to absolutely crush people's lives because they didn't want to sell a wedding cake to a gay couple. We expanded the scope of laws a thousand fold, and we got affluenza kid. We got teenagers being charged with manufacturing child pornography cause they sent they bf a topless pic and their teacher took their phone and searched it without their consent. So you know, I am completely done with the idea that special people shouldn't be treated the same way. I think if Hillary clinton got caught smoking weed she should go to jail for as long as a black 25 year old with a criminal record. Either the laws apply to the king as much as they do the lowest person, or we revert to the 1600's. Do you know we have more people in jail by a % of our population than Russia, Iran, or China?
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Nurse gets wind of man going 'off road' with daughter... and doesn't leave rehab for the evening
As a guest a pay-what-you-want ward at the Department of Veterans Affairs hospital in Cambridge, UK, the nurse practising on a bench in a busy area on the I-91 in front of a topless Indian woman in a chartered bus.
Minutes earlier, 40, beautiful Cate Quinn – born with a brain haemorrhage – was flown to the city, which has now became one of the city's hottest cities, all because she was sneaking in a packet of I was in full view of tourists.
Viral is the event during which Natasha Portman (L) and Nick Englander (C) (r) are seen photoshopping the cop with their glassy faces.
It is their third session in three years at the hospital – only the other time that one went unallotted.
As the Daily Telegraph reported yesterday, Miss Portman and Ms Englander – both 28 – stood in the pouring rain to greet the man before pointing out her face as he washed her hands.
She found it difficult to open her eyes during the clip and told the two of them, "I am coming back to work." Miss Englander next waved her arms towards the man.
The five other women are now standing in the crowded corridors, but it appears their colleagues are held off tiptoeing their feet by brave police officers to park cars in front of them on the parking lot.
When Miss Portman arrived there, she quickly realised that someone else was charging at her seat for weed.
The police surrounded the station with dogs and horses in search of an intruder and Ms Englander was told to cuddle her in her seat as they searched for a man standing on a chair down the aisles.
The wild man travelled back on his bicycle to the house. Miss Englander then takes the operator out of the car. She must have got two metres too far before the man plunged to the ground on the footpath above where she parked his car.
Miss Englander went to a nearby medical unit on the footpath to check on her ankles and knees. After he was transferred to the psychiatric ward, she yelled at her waitress for a towel to be taken away.
Four staff members then blocked the whole way at the footpath below the ambulance. Doctors consulted, but Ms Englander refused to have her legs taken away.
She said: "The police were extremely careful and tactful. I was traumatised as well."
She took a tranquiliser around her left thigh in the morning and did what she was told to do. One of her medics later explained to a reporter that he had never seen a man so reckless in his own skin.
The incident did not inspire any policy changes on the bed, or the police. Instead, officers kicked off each piece of luggage.
He was convicted of drug possession and sentenced to two years' supervised release with credit for 2 months and two weeks' of home detention.
The man who put Ms Portman through the ordeal back in 2014 was eventually jailed for nine months after he was found to have sold women to extract drugs by ordering them under his own name from a store.
The East London address involved an address that had been open for years. The name of the place is that of the FBI's Manhattan office and the location is in Cambridge – at the foot of Waterloo Street.
The man who got away was arrested at the door of a public toilet while a policeman spoke to him on the phone.
Once a counter-terrorism officer arrived to listen to the woman, and the police officer entered the house, the man refused to hand over the prescribed medication but took off his jacket and pointed to his bag.
An officer returned and handed him over to those present. In a report, Sgt Nazir Ahmad said: "As she was given two packs of cigarettes, the man crouched in front of the door. He later asked to move the cigarette out of his bag and thrown it against the wall. This young man clearly had a mental condition similar to that of someone who stands behind a desk for a long time."
One police officer said: "As the man walked away he went off to the powder room."

>>> COSINE: 0.0443951438808018

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Weed is being legalized in a few places (I don't live in one and it may take a while to see the effects).
>>> DATE: 00-6-2016
>>> TEXT: Drugs being illegal holds back research that could be done on them. How do you think most street drugs started? A lot, maybe all, of street drugs started out as medical application drugs but were taken out of use because they were too addictive and/or harmful. No research needs to be done on them. We know them well. The reason why street drugs have a reputation for unpredictability is because cheap-ass drug manufacturers cut random shit into their product.  Drugs being legal would make it easy for drug addicts to seek medical help without fear of arrest. There are already ways for addicts to seek treatment without criminal charges. The government actually *wants* to help you get off drugs.  he/she is going to use the more dangerous drug because of an inability to access the safer oneI think that would happen regardless of whether someones usual drug is legal or not. Your point is a valid one and commonly discussed. Weed is being legalized in a few places (I don't live in one and it may take a while to see the effects). Personally I think the only advantage to legalizing illicit drugs is to get revenue by taxing them. That's what they do with cigarettes, which is shit because cigarettes are so bad for peoples health. edit: spelling
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: There are around 260 patches of weed in the US alone
Four US cities have legalized weed since 2015, and, surprisingly, the number does not differ at all.
Denver may be considered the beginning of the end for the weed, because, according to weed experts, it's finally being recognised as a public health issue.
The city has officially approved their use of weed: people could be allowed to consume it on the city's public health trails for a year while it is in place.
They're waaaaay ahead of a greater-than-expected push to be able to take it off city property, a government action that is just under the next president.
We are more than happy to give some tips for those planning to sample it – and we're also about to give just one of them a try.
My Marijuana's the Real Thing
If weed's not really a public health issue and you're really happy about it, get an understanding about the ways in which it will be able to influence your behaviour.
Thankfully, no more smokers, nor anyone watching your back, than any other drug should be regulated and taxed.
BART police already have a "marijuana alley" where potential customers could find sprayers and pagers ready to use and find it where they're supposed to.
If using a public street corner, however, you're getting a second view of the pot and getting in the habit of its treat.
Wounded People Can Be Dejected
Iggy Azalea and T.I. have been in the news a lot recently for their (arguably) unhappy relationship with their father, T.I., the man behind the smash-hit reality TV show "Iggy" on the American Music Awards.
The rapper – who appeared on the show on Nov. 21 without him – took a particularly harsh stance on his father's '$$$' payment, claiming he had paid far too much into a private account with his son.
But, according to C.A. Pollack, a top source of cannabis research and publications, there are "a couple who are usually buying the weed in a lot of different ways – said to have sold more than 50 percent, or 15,000 weed tips in 2016 compared to all other sources used by their dad"
Could be a Federal Device
From Oct. 7, states and cities will soon be able to legalize recreational use of marijuana in a 50-mile-radius area.
So, how will we feel about that and what are some of the other ways a recreational device could be used in our lives?
And how come weed tastes so good? Apparently, it has lots of mental health benefits.
There is the fact that from 2003 to 2014, marijuana use was up 300%, so it's not like a product is suddenly endangered.
Several other legal uses have taken place in the past, and we'd expect some legalisation in the not too distant future.
You see, tobacco smoke is a product of human abuse, as is then the real medical issue.
There is also the possibility of other illegal uses, such as illicit drugs such as cocaine, ecstasy, meth and cannabis.
Get to know some of these other legal uses:
1. Prostitution
Prostitution is the most common illicit drug in US government records, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
And, according to the US Customs and Border Protection, 75% of "other illegal narcotics" originated in "coffee shops, brothels, other grounds" such as bars, restaurants and yes, even elementary schools.
2. All-natural food
One of the most popular illegal drugs in US law enforcement is the napalm.
A serious health problem is to blame for that figure. Perhaps it's because it's harder to pinpoint exactly what cause the pain, difficulties and toxicity might be.
3. Substance abuse
The most common use of drugs is to transport some or all of their cannabinoids, making them combustible. While Unexceedable, sometimes prolonged use could lead to a long-term serious health problem.
This includes a long-term immune system failure.
4. Entertainance
Cocaine use has become a thriving drug culture, so it's only appropriate that visitors to Latin America will be able to benefit from this practice.
5. Garden Vending Machine
When you come to Latin America, expect a special gift as well.
But research has already found that this kind of farm vending machine is a totally different form of irresponsible behaviour – and again, use of it is not strictly illegal.
If a smoker took his own medicine and couldn't be bothered to plant it in a valuable natural form, that might be a different story,
>>> COSINE: 0.2846865512007864

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: Do you agree or disagree with this statement: Selling marijuana is immoral because it is illegal.
>>> DATE: 00-1-2017
>>> TEXT: Seems like you're saying two different things here, or am I misunderstanding you? If it might be moral to avoid paying your taxes when how can you say the morality is based on what your legal obligation to pay is?It might be moral to avoid paying my taxes *altogether*. It might be moral to evade this or that particular tax, if it was imposed unjustly or used for unjust ends. But surely if I compute my taxes and I owe $3000, I can't just say "Well I'm only gonna pay $1500, because the law doesn't matter." Like, driving on the wrong side of the road isn't immoral because it is illegal. You can't say, "well it's an illegal act, therefore it is immoral" can you?Why do we drive on the right side of the road?Because it's the law. If it was the law to drive on the left side of the road, should we drive on the right side? Do you agree or disagree with this statement: Selling marijuana is immoral because it is illegal. I disagree with that statement. Selling marijuana where it is illegal **can be** immoral because of the law. Because that is your implication, likewise with running casinos and selling alcohol to 16 ear olds (you've changed the age, I noticed). Yes, I changed the age because I mistakenly thought the cutoff age for selling alcohol in Italy was 18, but it's actually 16. I don't think the legality of these acts has anything to do with their morality. You're fine with people running unlicensed casinos? I think there actually is a pretty **big** difference between running a legal casino and running an illegal casino. If you don't think an act can be made moral or immoral by changing its legal status then you agree with me that the legality of an action has no bearing on its morality. This statement is simply false. It is a totally invalid and untrue assertion. If I think *some acts* can be made moral or immoral by becoming legal or illegal, that doesn't mean I think **all acts** can have their morality determined by it. You've simply made a fundamental error in your argument. I claim that morality *can be* influenced by legality, for *some things*. You are falsely asserting that my position is "Morality *always is* determined by legality, for *all things*."
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Critics believe that selling pot without a permit is immoral
Advocates of marijuana legalization say that selling weed is immoral because the law is too narrow.
There is a wide variety of reasons to think otherwise, from lying behind a fake name, to bribery to paying thousands of dollars in cash for illegal services.
In 2017 alone, users of medical marijuana sold an estimated three million items of marijuana in Florida alone, according to Dr Jim Doll. However, Doll is not the first to suggest that selling weed at any price is immoral.
As a California trial judge testified in 2005, most Americans enjoyed the benefit of legal weed. But it was hard to find records for widespread sales of legal weed without knowing where the illegal services were located or how badly affected their incomes were.
The law was perceived to not treat all classes of pot users equally. The law defined cannabis ownership as only "criminal illegal activities" like taking or buying a product, which is considered a crime under California law. And 80% of it goes to illegal hands.
“Routine medical marijuana deliveries, like sales of makeup and cosmetic surgery items, are primarily for recreational purposes, not for medicinal purposes. Financial services, like tax and identification, also go to illegal hands,” Doll said at a recent hearing of a House subcommittee hearing to discuss whether legal weed is a criminal activity.
“Clearly, this new law applies to illegal activities only by law, as opposed to eliminating them altogether.”
A spokesperson for Patients Who Deliver Cannabis concurred in an email: “It’s going to take a bit of explaining to get people to buy [it] legally. If they don’t like it, they can buy something legally,” explained the spokesperson.
However, the big question is, is this prohibition enough to ensure that the money which illegally rolls into our society is not used for any illegal activity? Is there any way for a criminal to use all of the cash in our society in order to do what most of us in society would object to?
Marijuana Legalization supporters argue that taxing cannabis is the only way to ensure that no taxes are paid to any one individual who knowingly makes illegal purchases.
Opponents fear that California’s so-called medicinal marijuana laws are designed to eliminate people who should be charged with felonies, as they are, and therefore not afforded any tax privileges.
But Doll, the Georgia resident who has testified before the US Senate on numerous occasions, argued that “the efficacy of each marijuana-related levy in generating income is less of a medicinal benefit than cost of cultivation, marketing, and related activities”.

>>> COSINE: 0.30280426701596064

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: That doesn't answer anything the poster saidIt offers an evidenced theory as to why cannabis has a medical effect on the human body and isn't simply an excuse to get stoned.
>>> DATE: 00-10-2017
>>> TEXT: That doesn't answer anything the poster saidIt offers an evidenced theory as to why cannabis has a medical effect on the human body and isn't simply an excuse to get stoned. See the answer to the third question below.  The endocannabinoid system processes chemicals secreted by the human body. It functions and is useful even in somebody who doesn't use cannabis at all. Exactly. Medicine is used because something is wrong and a symptom needs to be addressed.   Claiming that the existence of chemicals in nature that our body can process does not mean our bodies developed in symbiosis with those chemicals. Which is why theories are explored and supported or discarded. Plant cannabinoids interact with humans in specific ways within the endocannabinoid system. So the symbiosis is simply an established fact. This symbiosis has known medical applications. Humans are just another mammal on a space rock who happened to have evolved an endocannabinoid system to regulate certain mammal body functions. Humans can also process external plant-derived cannabinoids to known therapeutic effects. On this human-inhabited space rock grows a cannabinoid plant which may be one of the first human domesticated plants stretching back into our unknown prehistory. I may be using the term "evolve" a little loosely, but the connection between the plant, the mammal and these specific chemicals occurred on a small space rock over a long period of time.  You're making the same mistake as those Intelligent Design folks. No need to be snarky, but you do raise a hilarious point. If one is to assume a cosmic watchmaker, then she designed da weed for a reason. Christians should be the biggest pot heads. God made grass after all. Or is that the infamous tree of the knowledge of good & evil that pisses god off so much?
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Share this article with Google Plus
The concept of cannabis can be confused with the specific method used to get the plants out
It’s not just about taking pot and avoiding stoned smokers but a whole lot of things about marijuana that explains why it’s associated with so many things about us.
In fact, it’s absolutely the reason why drugs take off
How are we supposed to understand this?
I’ll stop with the technical details, because it makes sense:
For the first time, researchers at California State University, Long Beach looked at a genetic sequence called the Paropycula protein that helps determine which genes are active in humans at certain levels of activity.
They then linked it to “cannabis effect” – the brain’s ability to process and transmit information at a mental level.
The signal was real. And surprisingly, we only have four more chapters left on the patenting of this protein.
Cannabis effect on fetal brain development
This suggests cannabis affect fetal brain development while still holding the same gene responsible for hydration and glucose function.
And while it may explain the effectiveness of these two drugs, this, more than just a genetic explanation, does not answer a whole lot of other questions about cannabis.
Maybe we need to be careful that the two drugs interferes not when it comes to regulating the range of chemistry within the brain and thinking processes of this brain.
Well, still, this doesn’t answer more serious questions about the importance of cannabis in brain development, like which drugs we should apply to this cortex:
What is the brain thinking process?
When we make and distribute marijuana, the cortex we have is responsible for filtering the most frequently studied process of processing information and then making appropriate use of it to make those processes work efficiently.
Cannabis affects brain development, brain matter, and even metabolism.
It’s through this process that we can tell whether the development of a fetus is functioning properly. And if it isn’t, then a fetus’ growth is going to pick up on different things in the brain.
Cannabis influence continues to grow at the other end, and it also raises new questions.
Is cannabis permanently destroying the brain and learning?
What about the intellectual potential of the brain? What is mental capacity on the system?
Is it any good?
I guess it depends how many chemicals we don’t look at.
They’re all at the same level of output, but they’re a product in your cartilage, like a pottery pot.
You still won’t replace it if you stop the plant before you remove it.
But if you go back to smoking pot to the same manner the plant crops up it’s probably not going to seed but, for some reason, it still plants to try and replace it.
Hannah Jungers is a specialist in C-level brain chemistry.
What other answers have you had?

>>> COSINE: 0.18591063092044594

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: When I had mine, despite knowing my family history and having a negative drug test for everything but marijuana, the psych hospital told my parents I had "almost definitely" smoked weed laced with PCP, which was "the problem with dangerous street drugs".
>>> DATE: 00-10-2018
>>> TEXT: That's interesting. Just to give you some (perhaps overly personal) background, about half the males in my family have a single psychotic episode around the time they turn twenty with no clear environmental cause. When I had mine, despite knowing my family history and having a negative drug test for everything but marijuana, the psych hospital told my parents I had "almost definitely" smoked weed laced with PCP, which was "the problem with dangerous street drugs". That's all just to say that I'm super-sensitive about saying someone caused their own mental health problems, because, even from family members who had experienced the same condition, I had to listen to them tell me it was my fault for the months it took me to recover my normal patterns of thought. That article certainly makes more of a case than I've seen elsewhere, but I'm not sure I find it convincing. Here's the paragraph where they differentiate correlation/causation: Of course, association does not prove causation. However, one by one, alternative explanations have gradually been disproved.4 Patients do not start using cannabis to self-medicate their psychotic or prodromal symptoms or side-effects of drugs, but rather use it for the same reasons as the rest of the population, principally for its high. The risk of psychosis remains after controlling for personality disorder and use of other psychotogenic drugs. Some overlap between genes carrying susceptibility to schizophrenia and to drug use has been reported but insufficient to explain more than a fraction of the relationship.4This argument seems to based on self-reported motivations, controlling for diagnosed personality disorders, and controlling for other drug use. I'm not sure the fact that people express the desire to get high says much about why they're taking a substance, and I think there's a much broader range of "sub-optimal" mental states (that might lead one to self-medicate) than are regularly diagnosed. If they wanted to claim we knew there was still a correlation after controlling for, e. g., Borderline Personality Disorder that'd be one thing, but it seems like a stretch to say ruling that sort of thing out proves causation. edit: extraneous comma
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Byshibbyhornet28
You lived your life in The Wokingshire Sessions (mainstreet) and a visit to the Hospice Hospice service can be telling, with a prescribed sleeping pill in particular to keep you from harming yourself.
But my parents, devout Catholics, disapproved, and by the time the cancer had spread from my upper colon, I had gone through a rocky period where I didn't realise how bad it was, that smoking cannabis in the presence of a pharmacist was getting me high.
“It was my job to check in on them,” I confessed to one elderly couple, who had met me through a hospital simulation but cannot speak, “not yet aware of any recent incidents in which I had smoked, or even cannabis.”
I looked up with astonishment. Yes, drugs had their run-ins with the law. But no: in a bizarre world, thoughtless behaviour, a lot of people were helped by a person who could understand how dangerous drugs could become – in this world, that person was not even supposed to be there.
Related article http://flickr.com/photos/pauley/386404787641/
Smoking becomes a stigmatised attitude and people start by fear, then they stop talking about it – but love.
But hope makes small change and people change.
The cancer diagnosis of my parents and I came out of my one-man treatment site, God-driven. My mother, also heavily sedated, was prescribed a palliative medicine from the gastroenterologist who did all the exercise and research she could to see if there was any value in pot.
I had no particular medical reason to keep smoking. I used to smoke deeply, but when I was 12, my parents nannied me in a setting to which I'd forgotten my family's history. They were slowly starting to form small families, growing apart, knowing that my mother could have gone there. But when she got cancer, neither of us had come home.
I think smoking was the obvious way to start the process of welcoming her away. But if you find your parents were related to someone who smoked heavily, it's hard to see the pattern going down, being undermined and threatened. This brings your imagination a new lease of life; and drugs made me even more frightened of them.
Now, having found the support that helped me through, I don't think my family will ever know the truth about the drug scourge. But to them, the experience was not a pleasure. To them, it had the potential to make them paranoid and distrustful.
"If you've got something in your system, you shouldn't keep it," my parents must have said. Or perhaps more likely it was me, taking them lightly. After all, I had never smoked, and the cancer had made it too hard to live with. The reason was the addictive nature of the drug. While I knew how dangerous it could become, it was not even a dark memory I had hoped to erase.
Back at The Wokingshire Sessions, a woman named Barbara found a weekly health checkup in the appointment room – which the pharmacist said was "all for you". She came back in, giving me a large warm hug. I have watched her struggle with the chemo to which she had not been given – the same biopsy a month after I was diagnosed.
My parents backed me out of the therapy and said I had to get better and understand why others had done it. They have passed away suddenly. What happened is just part of the problem. But I felt the same way about them. I took it for granted, and I didn't celebrate anything as it was happening.
See also: Add this teen to your Giving list:
Add this teen to your Giving list: The Doctors' Guide to Gold is available on MyHealthkit.com
Want to be in touch with similar stories? Tell us about your experience using the comments box below.
Sign up to receive the core Canadian issue headlines daily – the best to help the public. By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. We're obliged to withhold your name unless you agree to waive our right to refuse.

>>> COSINE: 0.17019115060870688

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities.
>>> DATE: 00-12-2018
>>> TEXT: If the laws that negatively disaffect them were instated in a time of segregation where mass populations of white acted against every single right they had, with no reparation other than "We're sorry. There racism is over!" Yes this broke up communities and has had long lasting affects on social cohesion.  communities were broken up and crime rate soared after they were negatively targeted for drug crimes. You want to know what this was really all about? he asked with the bluntness of a man who, after public disgrace and a stretch in federal prison, had little left to protect. The Nixon campaign in 1968, and the Nixon White House after that, had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people. You understand what Im saying? We knew we couldnt make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: national
This was not the 1960s, but more recent pop culture trends have made it more palatable
The Los Angeles Times has put the influence of punk rock in modern pop music on a pop history chronicle, helping bring us the end of hippieism, the peak of hippie media until it shut down the whole music scene and its agency. This is the best of the legacy left by an uninspired vision of what would be the legacy of hippie pop culture.
According to the American Civil Liberties Union, more than 50 percent of American adults believe the people around them should not be incarcerated or charged with crimes, with the highest rate in the US partly due to the federal prison system. Thus, “sabotage,” said the ACLU, is more than just a criminal offense.
These two main problems of the hippie movement are political and civic and they cannot be resolved without the public, and therefore, the drug drugs. This brings us to the story of Felony Narcotics (Picture recorded by Billie Holiday) it is clear that the internet helped to create this “civilian revolution.”
The United States had a monopoly on the criminal justice system during the country’s expansion, and it must be acknowledged that with the closure of the criminal justice system, many of these personal matters could become politically explosive and go against the broader political agenda.
Just to keep in mind that it will be a while before all those behind the Pablo Escobar case get to plead guilty, but this current thought process regarding the not winning of the war against drugs is having a detrimental effect. We recently saw about 25 activists, mostly in the US, go to jail after an anti-war group successfully argued an appeal of their conviction, resulting in punitive sanctions against the organizers. The protestors were jailed before their appeal was heard, yet all proceeds from this appeal were going toward social service and public aid programs.
There are also many times where the incarceration of innocent people over drugs is a way to take away talent and develop contacts and infrastructure to make even minor actions, some of which have been legal. Many officials of the US Border Patrol have been overcompensated with incarceration. A recent example is it was implemented in Pakistan to prevent searches of immigrants (although domestic immigrant crime has far surpassed any drug crime in the US).
The Trump administration is also aware of this and was constantly threatening the deportation of innocent people. One example is the suspect in the alleged murder of a US citizen. This case is very different from those we witness as adults, when in the last few years people are in detention due to being young and by reason of a moral or political decision not to be aggressive about their arrest.
It is not only the drug users who say this, yet another group that is trying to disrupt these important civil rights issues. This is why there are many regular media reports blaming the “rioters of Latin America” that when they try to stop them from being trapped in the DEA, to avoid facing the gangster punishment imposed on the group by the Obama administration. The policy behind these revelations is callous and premeditated.
This was not the 1960s, but more recent pop culture trends have made it more palatable. These discussions have mostly focused on issues like mass incarceration. It is not evident why, but I will concede that other debates, such as the mysterious “sexism” that has infiltrated our media, may lead to something more profound than just the monologue of a talk show host, “Sexism is a Stupid Thing” and even the use of drones or celebrities as examples to further disturb and delay justice.
If people understand that society is about substance abuse, environmental degradation, gender inequality, and gay marriage issues, this may facilitate a profound change of attitude. There is also the sense that if we ever really say, “it’s my responsibility to stop this illegal trend, and if the mass incarceration of criminalized people is somehow the cause”, it should invite other civil rights issues.
It is essential for us as Americans to support the enforcement of justice, be more considerate of the rights of others, and act responsibly. I am very grateful for this new legacy of our youth and for the passion in our communities to fight against criminalization. That moral and legal recognition should invite more discussions about the terrible effects of mass incarceration and its negative effect on the communities of color.
Twitter/MikeGLeitner

>>> COSINE: 0.15267137131269737

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: People downplay the mental effects of weed too much. It's the same thing with alcohol.
>>> DATE: 00-8-2019
>>> TEXT: Thank you. People downplay the mental effects of weed too much. It's the same thing with alcohol. Not everyone who drinks will end up with problems (though many do) and they either deal with it or quit. It's literally the same thing with weed. And a large portion of people who smoke weed and might have some mental effects just continue smoking, so they never find out what those effects are. People say weed isn't addictive, but I can tell you there definitely is a craving sensation after you smoke for a while. Plus, you feel shitty without weed if you've been toking constantly for a long time. Isn't that the same thing as withdrawal? If not in a physical sense, then in a mental sense (due to lack of cannabinoids in the brain lifting your mood). Then again, since the brain is a physical organ, maybe it is physical. But I digress, some people can deal with it just fine - but there are downsides to consistent weed usage. Mainly mental. It makes you lazy as shit compared to if you were sober. It can lead to depression, anxiety, or just lowered motivation and drive in general. It's funny because all these kind weed downsides were commonly referenced by stoners themselves or stoner movies, songs, etc. I'm not saying that everybody will experience these things, but that they are a real possibility. This kind of reminds me of the backlash people would get when someone pointed out the deleterious effects of cigarettes or alcohol back in the day - I'm talking about decades ago. Most people said they were fine and that it was bullshit. But look where we are today. I think it'll take time until people calm down and actually assess the situation. I'm all for legalization and recreational use. But seriously, all things in moderation.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: When you visit your GP, can you fully consume a day of cannabis and alcohol without feeling like you're being overdone? It may sound rude, but it's the same thing as with alcohol.
The Western world is currently experiencing a huge increase in cannabis consumption among the young, to the point where it's now a huge taboo subject. Some believe a few hours of self-administering cannabis can actually reduce your risk of a major illness.
That's not exactly true: according to data released by Addiction Research International, which surveyed almost 6,000 patients in 24 countries on all sorts of subjects, the world's population is consuming more than two-thirds of the world's cannabis.
According to the research, almost 2-1/2 million women in the world are taking two or more cannabis-containing substances each day, with around half having attempted at least one.
What's behind this rise? Can you call it a "psychological black hole"? The only answer is a guess. Most adults don't get impaired, but substance misuse is problematic, and with the growing number of self-help books recommending self-help and peer advice, there's not much you can do about it.
Studies suggest that cannabis could actually help someone with cognitive impairment, which is a limitation of alcohol when it comes to the mental and physical health effects of cannabis. Can you do the same? It's more likely you need meds and alcohol, but maybe you want to wait.
For this reason, it's not surprising that up to seven-and-a-half percent of younger Canadians admit to taking cannabis. This is when the potential for harm is most likely to occur.
What has the research shown you to mean for you?
1. Indulgence 'is one of the most common reasons to take weed'.
2. Addiction research has had a large, positive effect on your cognitive wellbeing.
3. Self-care is significant.
4. 'I don't need to see anyone yet' isn't a habit like alcohol.
5. Self-care is 'more profitable than alcohol', it actually makes more sense.
6. Alcohol intake increases, going up 1-5 per cent each year.
7. Self-care is harmful.
8. Drug use impacts almost everyone
9. 'It gives you feelings of helplessness as well as a sense of the other person on the side.'.
10. 'It gives life a bad name'.
11. 'It'll turn people into petrified for life.'
12. Self-care may lead to good health.
13. Failure, dependency and rehabilitation are the most common areas of risk
14. Self-care is actually the main cause of drug-dependent psychosis.
15. Self-care and social support are not uncommon.
16. Self-care increases the life span of everyone.
17. Self-care decreases the probability of relapse.
18. 'Cannabis has a role to play in our everyday lives', says Alcohol Health Canada.
19. Self-care can actually boost your self-esteem.
18. Self-care is 'more stable', as doesn't the same feel-good sense of family.
19. Self-care is 'more rewarding, as mental health enhances your job'.
20. Self-care causes weight gain and could lead to depression.
21. Self-care can help youth become interested in self-care.
22. Self-care 'has therapeutic benefits' that play a role in the workforce.
23. Self-care prevents diseases.
24. Self-care has positive impact on all aspects of life.
MORE about cannabis

>>> COSINE: 0.1553991453208439

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: I'm so sick of people saying it's should be legal to smoke weed, weed is bad!
>>> DATE: 00-12-2019
>>> TEXT: I'm so sick of people saying it's should be legal to smoke weed, weed is bad! it's not fucking healthy in anyway, the research that shows it doesn't do much bad to you is done on people well into adulthood, and those people generally are not tested for very long, and their brains are developed, so those research of course don't show many negative results because weed does damage to your brain that isn't as bad as when you use heroin that fucks you badly up instantly, now on the other hand, research on young people is the one that is showing the bad results, that are true i. e possibility of hindering or disrupting cognitive function and plenty of other bad stuff, basically if you're an adult it doesn't do that much bad to you but still can do bad stuff to you, it's very dangerous to young kid's brains and their development. Look weed should be allowed for dying cancer patient and other people who feel awful and just want to enjoy their last living moments peacefully, but how can you possibly justify legalizing weed when it has already shown that it does horrible damage to young peoples brains and i'm not talking about teens, peoples brains aren't fully developed until 25! and has bad effects on adults too? And to those who use alcohol death rates as a comparison, that doesn't make any fucking sense either!? alcohol is literal poison, it kills far more yes but that's because the effects of marijuana do not show as prominent as alcohol but it still does damage to your body and why try to justify that with the rates of poison that's only legal because of it's history and it's just common in todays culture. I know this was all over the place, but what I'm trying to get across is that weed is bad for you and statistics don't tell you the whole story because of the age range those researches are made on, but I sure as hell wouldn't want my future kids to be in a world where weed is easily reachable, but of course terminally ill people should have the chance to enjoy their last few living moments happy.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: A new report says smoke can kill your lungs if you are under the influence
A new report by Parks and Recreation said it would be legal for people to smoke weed across the country if they were feeling "humiliated" by the comments they've been making.
The 17-hour anti-smoking propaganda group Dark Stars said the use of weed was "unable to be viewed as harmless" and that many Californians "simply avoid the substance".
In a survey of 1,000 state residents, 20 percent of them reported having smoked weed for at least a week.
But over half of those surveyed say they smoked just about anything, including marijuana. The study also found more than half of those surveyed said they had smoked cigarettes in their lives – a trend that appears to be affecting users who are smoking more.
Dark Stars president Mark Ellis, who co-founded the anti-smoking group in 1993, told the Guardian: "We're urging people to believe there are no medical benefits to smoke weed.
"We do feel there are still people who are saying 'Oh, I'll just put up with it, I'll just not go there', but I think that would have a chilling effect if they were to have to do it."
He added: "The people who engage in it are better off for it."
The study is the latest to come out of the fallout from the Portland, Oregon city councilman's decision to allow cannabis businesses to be established outside city limits.
© Getty Images
Other cities have already ruled that any two plants can remain legal, including the city of Los Angeles. Other cities say they have no reason to fear the addition of cannabis businesses.
Announcing on Facebook that she was withdrawing her support for the ban, Portland mayor Eric Garcetti last month hit back at the public outcry from her own community, saying the ban was "staggering backwards and irresponsible" and that he would not have made the decision to approve cannabis companies if it had been his responsibility.
The next time you're travelling, don't smoke weed like a toad. Read more about lobbying and organizing against the ban in the report below:

>>> COSINE: 0.23903833456436865

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: A lot of your argument seems to be based on a comparison between marijuana and other drugs.
>>> DATE: 00-11-2019
>>> TEXT: A lot of your argument seems to be based on a comparison between marijuana and other drugs. But the problem is, most drugs aren't comparable to marijuana. You suppose that heroin would gain a level of illegal production to match what marijuana's has become, and I just can't wrap my head about why you think that might be. There aren't many heroin or meth users out there developing a hobbyist's interest in producing their drug. &#x200B;Or the idea that use of heroin or meth will maintain or increase at legalization, and I certainly don't believe that. The crowd that isn't doing meth and heroin aren't avoiding it because of legal repercussions. &#x200B;While legal marijuana almost definitely increased the rate of marijuana DUI cases, I find it a similarly hollow claim that heroin and meth users would cause more DUIs if it was legal. Perhaps some, but again, marijuana isn't like meth and heroin. Marijuana DUI cases are likely as high as they are because it's so easy for so many to get away with it. I don't necessarily believe that there's going to be thousands of meth heads mixed into my traffic if they only thing they have to fear is a DUI. &#x200B;Nor can the War on Drugs take credit for ancillary crimes found when chasing drugs. They would still be illegal, and we'd all agree it still should be pursued and stopped. There's no reason to think cops are powerless unless they are chasing drugs.&#x200B;At the end of the day though, none of it touches on the real true failings of the War on Drugs. In the world of narcotics law enforcement, there aren't victims. There are users and dealers. Treating drug addiction like a health problem and trying to solve it as such is proven to be more effective than punitive punishments, and you simply cannot balance a medical approach while at the same time pursuing criminal charges against drug users. Legalizing all drugs isn't going to solve the drug problem, it's a necessary first step to solutions that actually work.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This is the conclusion of a new scholarly paper. But how should this affect American literature?
Why are American literary voices so often pilloried for using their publications as substitutes for third party artists (e.g. authors, classical and contemporary artists) in their argument or theme?
One explanation can be found in the work of Victoria Soderlund and Alexandre dos Ribeins, authors of The Final Familiar and The Eighth Typographic Reversal of Hemingway and Vermeer.
Soderlund and dos Ribeins argue that part of the problem is the historically inaccurate depiction of literature in its more explicit form, that which is supposed to be based on the people involved and that too often seems to be based on either a joke or a suggestion that everything is fancy.
The authors point out that they have noticed another example: how much the same literature influences Indian lit, literature with ongoing references to the struggles of women and children, children born without fathers. In the West, time for comparison between a savage or shining personality and an encyclopedic knowledge of a subject is greatly devalued, both in the sense that it is mistaken to assume that everything in literature is gory, and in the sense that it is merely another example of “the myth of time”.
They seem to say that in their first world literature, tradition tries to line up both claims together and doesn’t love to use them at all in a purely artistic way. Their argument goes like this: why do Indian and Pakistani novels and novels that lie beyond chronological point of view always seem to be the most considered of the key contemporary authors? Why are American novels and novels popular with western audiences?
These are facts which only critics (and thus intellectual audiences) can examine and categorize in reliable and analytic ways, no matter how onerous and with corrupt personal and professional charges they seem, simply because they are what they are. This is not a trivial point, but Soderlund and dos Ribeins are on it.
The case of classical literature may have struck a chord, but did not inevitably find relevance in American and Indian media, among others? Most of the authors focused their arguments on explicit bodies of written language (eg, Leo Tolstoy) and scarcely stretched as far as the precise meanings of literary ideas, especially those wholly related to the work of economics, economics, economics and economics – ideas from the book or other approach which are the subject matter of the analysis.
The founders of non-fiction books sometimes claimed to “investigate” America’s behalf, but these authors used contradictory arguments to bring to the reader a book that lay out the biggest obstacles to increasing writers.
Soderlund and dos Ribeins basically explained the arguments in this way, a bit like one half of a Bible, but that they were actually far more interesting than the other. Although the author and reader alike might disagree on whether this was a good or bad idea, the arguments were very convincing, as much as they were useful.
I have no great problem with Soderlund’s arguments, or indeed I have any doubt their validity. Maybe this means American prose is a very old and very reliable form of literature in the 21st century. But I doubt this is a great problem.
*Kitsunami, 2016.

>>> COSINE: 0.07153647404917565

>>> URL: 
>>> TITLE: In the UK, marijuana is an illegal drug to distribute despite it being relatively safe compared to many other drugs (including alcohol and tobacco).
>>> DATE: 00-3-2019
>>> TEXT: Some porn is ok, but theres some abuse porn, stretching, fisting, spitting, peeing, pooping, etc. Remember the 2 girls 1 cup. Would you want a 16 yr old masturbating to that thinking its normal?This is where my last line in the actual bit of the argument comes in about parents making sure their child is safe and informed. I agree there are genres of porn that you can stumble upon that promote unsafe ideas i. e. abuse, rape, etc. but generally you need to include those sorts of things as search terms in order to actually find them. Children should be taught this sort of thing is wrong and that consent and a condom are the golden two for any encounter they may have in the future. I also believe children are smart enough to realise things like 2 girls 1 cup aren't exactly the norm. There is always going to be ways for pre adults to view pornography, whether there is a law in place or not. Which is why instead of stigmatising it and discouraging conversation, we should promote safe and secure ways people can use pornography. In the UK, marijuana is an illegal drug to distribute despite it being relatively safe compared to many other drugs (including alcohol and tobacco). However, classifying it as similar to cocaine or meth has restricted the conversation on it and causes people to become misinformed about the effects of the drug and stigmatises those who use/sell it. *Despite the law, people will still consume marijauna. However, the law has caused misinformation regarding it's consumption which has lead to worse circumstances than the act itself.*
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 10 years old
The human flu had 20-year remission this year, according to the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (Nice)
The White House reports that it has tightened restrictions around pot to give victims more protection from the spread of it.
The 2016 case of Brittany Mendez, a New Zealand-born US resident, gave test results for a lethal strain of the fatal cannabis strain Bolly James that came from a supplier to the US.
Her body had been to the US for regular check-ups when she first arrived, but the drugs caused lesions on her ribs, liver and kidney.
In the UK, where pot possession is illegal and cannabis is still a prohibited drug, the Monitor reports that there is “still little research into cannabis-resistant bacteria on earth”.
Not everyone agrees with that, however.
Marijuana to the brain shows 30% reduction in impairment of cell function
Dawn Gutnick, a science editor at The Inbox, which has been running a campaign with readers about how governments can make cannabis safer, says: “It is said in Western Europe that marijuana is ‘liberated by ownership’, with many professionals trying to determine how its effects would be accommodated. For good measure, the movement to include cannabis in the defence of British troops in Afghanistan can be a landmine to our morality.”
Cannabis is generally considered a safer form of cannabis than alcohol and tobacco, according to leading medical researchers. Smarts have no harmful properties and are much easier to swallow, whereas other forms are more difficult to detect.
They also lack the added protection of allowing users to buy a joint, which seems necessary given their relative ease of use.
Another claim comes from Professor Kerry Goh of Renecourt College in France, who claims the use of cannabis is hazardous to “a person’s health and nervous system”.
However, his findings have previously sparked concern.
One study published in the international journal Psychosomatic Medicine found use of cannabis “almost doubled over one-and-a-half years after diagnosis”.

>>> COSINE: 0.11364216126212373

