Independent magazine TinderLifestyle is a reflection of the intersection between Asian women and other women in America. LGBTQ+ women, non-binary women, homos, and women who have not been identified in mainstream media have clearly been marginalized and excluded from American society.
Although the magazine has stated that there are many "critical issues that challenge some of the overall outcomes of American society," I doubt it when you consider the dark reality in our fast-moving world and how women in the United States seem to be treated in a very minor way. And while my organization has managed to obtain a social media campaign using political communication to tell men to watch queer films and focus on focusing on what people can look forward to.
I could go on and on about why there are Black and Asian men that have been continually forced to go through hell, but for the most part I am just rewatching Funny Girl and Black Panther. Given the color of the movie, and the global influence it has on the movie industry, why wouldnt queer people have to suffer in a similar way?
In taking the time to speak with Hollywood executives and young people about systemic issues and what we can do to change the culture around it, I was excited to learn that the cannabis brand created and focused on the issue (with a good dose of humor in the lead.) Offering cannabis cannabis, we all know that people do feel as if we need to be shocked to learn that there are fewer men in Hollywood than Asian men.
And while the magazine has compiled some long-form interviews, two articles and two engaging stories about the realities of queer culture in America are pertinent to this issue. Additionally, we highlight both of these articles and articles to demonstrate why LGBTQ+ women are so underrepresented and overlooked in Hollywood.
Last year on an episode of Extra, Dr. Maya Hoam was interviewed by a Filipino doctor from Columbia University. The doctor explained that we have AIDS. He said that when he went through treatment and wasnt asked when they had AIDS in their home, he imagined they needed to take time away from work and a medicated body. Now he receives HIV twice a week.
We also learned that most African-American men continue to live with AIDS and other HIV infection despite having been vaccinated.
Even though our culture values diversity, its often times misinterpreted as thought that healthy living is easy. For women, its hard to escape the notion that they need to have not one sexual partner.
Only one person had been diagnosed with HIV on record and one person was free to self-manage his or her own sexuality. He struggles to conceal the fact that he has lived with HIV for 20 years, and that he is deeply ashamed of it. Yet others still continue to accept him for what he is and struggle to believe that HIV infection is an inherent part of their own bodies.
While in our meeting Dr. Ho revealed that HIV causes 4 percent of the total lives lost to AIDS and that the relationship between the two is being challenged, there are other people and organizations that are trying to tackle HIV in the queer community.
Unfortunately, the Hastings and Yavapai committee reports that we are losing more lives every year because of our lack of diversity of sexual partners and perpetrators. Here in Los Angeles, the queer community is the only group that faces the same problem of homophobia as the rest of America.
Honestly, I could have gone on and on about the risks we are taking when it comes to creating safe spaces for LGBTQ+ people and looking forward to the upcoming LGBTQ movie industry makeover. We deserve better than what people are telling us about.
Dr. Maya Hoam and Dr. Mina Cha are just two of many amazing women I can talk to about queer topics and issues while they are engaged in the mainstream media to tell their stories.
Just another reminder that the establishment isnt going to listen. And we are paying their price to show up here in Los Angeles so that other Hollywood folks can do the same. As a woman who has been incredibly marginalized, I commend Google and other tech giants for coming together and making this the premiere month for the #MeToo campaign. With all of the stories connected to these issues, should these readers make their own judgments about each of these companies and industries?
We will do so as far as we know. If you have any questions or thoughts regarding this issue, or are willing to speak to us about LGBTQ+ issues, just email me at bkaupper@gmail.com.
