>>> URL: usasupreme.com/belfast-christian-bakers-sued-not-making-gay-marriage-cake/
>>> TITLE: Belfast Christian Bakers Sued For Not Making Gay Marriage Cake
>>> TEXT: No one should be forced into making anything or doing anything against their beliefs! Sadly, Christian bakers Daniel and Amy McArthur from Northern Ireland were taken to court when they refused to make a cake for a gay wedding with a gay marriage slogan. The owners of Belfast-based Ashers Bakery declined an order placed by gay activist Gareth Lee for a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan, claiming the message was inconsistent with their deeply held religious beliefs. Through the legal proceedings, Asher’s manager Daniel McArthur insisted Mr. Lee’s sexuality was never an issue, rather the message he wanted the bakery to create. If equality law means people can be punished for politely refusing to support other people’s causes, then equality law needs to change,”-Mr. McArthur said. This ruling undermines democratic freedom. It undermines religious freedom. It undermines free speech. He added: What we refused to do was to be involved with promoting a political campaign to change marriage law in Northern Ireland.” “Because we’re Christians, we support the current law and we felt that making this cake would make us responsible for its message.” “We wouldn’t decorate a cake with a pornographic picture or with swear words. We wouldn’t even decorate a cake with a spiteful message about gay people because to do so would be to endorse and promote it.”
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: On Tuesday afternoon, Belfast-based bakery Valentine’s Bakers broke its silence for its official publication.
The business’s official statement announcing its client’s decision to boycott wedding-cake distributors featured a picture of its logo on the packaging, which reads, “The North African community and the LGBT community are in a constant state of war.”
“For some of our friends and families, the North African community and the LGBT community are in a constant state of war. These conflict reports are disturbing because of their implications on their culture, traditions and relationships,” the bakery said.
“The legal action filed against Valentine’s Bakers is far too serious to ignore or ignore because it is a vicious spiral of illogic and error. The bakery’s decision to skip out on [that] evidence is utterly outrageous and unspeakably insulting,” it continues.
Dublin bakery Valentine’s Bakers operates as a florist shop in town. Through its Facebook page, the bakery announces a series of jobs provided by Unity Pride, the LGBT advocacy organization.
Brenda Grimm, director of Access Ireland said: “This was a truly shocking loss for the LGBT community and in particular the local LGBT community. We are now considering legal action in the UK which will hopefully lead to the compensation for our members.
“The ordeal which launched Valentine’s Bakers is sickening and shameful, it is completely unacceptable and shows a dangerous silence about the LGBT community.”
Good luck in appealing to customers who have a fresh buck to gain some peace of mind.
>>> COSINE: 0.08056824552954817

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Couples Challenge Defense of Marriage Act
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: On May 1, 2012, Utah at Governor’s Ridge, completed implementation of the Marriage Protection and Defense of Marriage Act. Since the law was passed by a 63-36 vote in the state legislature on April 4, its reversal has become the subject of more Republican Govships in Utah—most prominently Gov. Gary Herbert—and presently the Iowa governor, Bill Ritter. So the challenges to end the seemingly unbelievable absence of marriage equality for gay and lesbian couples in Utah are about the same as they were on April 11 and 12.
Yet, unlike other states where gay marriage has remained the status quo, Utah now has supported legislation just to end the latter. Consequently, all those who voted for passage of the Marriage Protection and Defense of Marriage Act have lost their approval. Yet, prior to the amendment, the LDS Church had performed effectively. The church knew that under the Constitution, life is sacred.
The Marriage Protection and Defense of Marriage Act came before the Supreme Court on May 8, the same day that conservative activist John C. Wayne Gacy was acquitted of plotting to kill President Barack Obama. Gacy, a business man who claimed the United States Constitution was passed illegally, led an armed criminal syndicate which abducted at least two children. Gacy did the immigration-slavery effort to steal passports from his wife and an elderly grandmother, kidnapping and raping more than a dozen people. He then kidnapped his great-grandmother’s 5-year-old daughter while dressed as a priest. Gacy's wife, from the Catholic church, was unable to escape. Two congregants escaped.
The case that made supporters of gay marriage desperate for relief—giving their rights the greatest vindication in decades—was not an isolated failure of the LDS Church. Thirty-four years ago, when one of its candidates in the 1988 Republican primary failed to qualify for a primary ballot, few people understood then what marriage was. While no party actually supported marriage equality in 1988, many more failed to vote for it.
When Utah passed a Marriage Protection and Defense of Marriage Act, the marriage equality movement existed. The Supreme Court unanimously determined that marriage is between a man and a woman, and therefore, same-sex couples no longer could face penalties under the Constitution for denying marriage to a same-sex couple. It also stated that sex discrimination is not covered by the Amendment.
Gay marriage is also an act of war waged against other religions in violation of the first Amendment. Since the amendment was passed, Christians have never officially recognized same-sex marriages. But in 1755, the New York Court of Appeals recognized the New Testament depiction of and explicit support for homosexual behavior, starting with the adoption of the civil marriage of a man, Sir Scotus. In 1472, another New York Court of Appeals recognized the original definition of marriage as between a man and a woman. Thus, lesbians and gay men would not legally be married in California, Connecticut or Massachusetts and the only other states that recognized the "wedding" on the day the Civil War broke.
Gay marriage spread in Europe, Asia and Latin America. However, the United States, strongly opposed, is one of the only remaining bastions of the two strands of the American marriage community. The president has denied the ban his entire tenure. A January 2009 Gallup poll states that 54 percent of Americans say they oppose gay marriage, while 39 percent think it should only be defined as a civil rights issue. In November 2010, the Office of the White House Counsel disclosed that the president was never fully informed of his position on marriage.
There may well be no wider anti-gay reaction against the coming Equal Rights Amendment. This legislative challenge to marriage has been part of the American Republican Party’s political legacy in Alabama—which has experienced historic losses for Republicans who lost their state majorities in 2006 and 2008. Indeed, Governor Jay Nixon denied allowing same-sex couples the same rights as married married couples in the Northern Alabama-Arizona statehouse and appointed a gay Catholic Assembly to temporarily stop any legislative passage of marriage equality.
Gov. Governor Herbert will be familiar with Utah’s history. He knows first-hand what is happening. He is staunchly opposing Roe v. Wade. He is adamantly opposed to abortion, and he enjoys having been governor of Utah for 43 years. He is aligned, however, with the American electorate, including full rights for gay and lesbian couples. For voters to vote for Utah over Gov. Herbert is about more than he appears to be supporting a single issue. For voters, Proposition 8 is more than just “Roe v. Wade.” Voters will now be able to define marriage by upholding the laws of their own state. We will continue to have more than 300 “opportunities to serve” for an American justice.
>>> COSINE: 0.40811151934849726

>>> URL: foxnews.com/us/oregon-bakery-owners-pay-more-than-135g-in-damages-over-refusal-to-make-cake-for-gay-wedding
>>> TITLE: Oregon bakery owners pay more than $135G in damages over refusal to make cake for gay wedding
>>> TEXT: The owners of an Oregon bakery who denied service to a same-sex couple have paid more than $135,000 in state-ordered damages – months after refusing to do so – according to state officials Monday. Aaron Klein, co-owner of Sweet Cakes, by Melissa, dropped a check off for $136,927.07, according to the Bureau of Labor and Industries. The payment includes interest. Klein also paid $7,000 earlier this month. Damages were award in July for emotional suffering caused by the bakery which refused to make a wedding cake for Laurel and Rachel Bowman-Cryer more than two years ago. The bakers said they refused to make the cake because of their religious beliefs. The dispute goes back to January 2013 when Bowman-Cryer came into the shop with her mother for a cake-tasting appointment. However, Aaron Klein told the women that the bakery didn’t do cakes for same-sex weddings. The women filed complaints with the state and triggered a national debate over claims of religious beliefs against anti-discrimination laws. Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian awarded the damages nearly six months ago, saying the owners had violated the women’s civil rights by discriminating on the basis of their sexual orientation. They were also slapped with a gag order that prohibited them from speaking publicly about their refusal to participate in or bake wedding cakes for same-sex marriages.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The owners of a supermarket that processes orders for one of the largest gay and lesbian weddings in the country said they have reached a settlement with the state for $135,000.
Joe Santangelo owns yuppie neighbourhood Bakery in Fruitvale Station. Sodas from Barnes & Noble, Crate & Barrel and other popular retailers were among hundreds of customers who asked for the gay wedding cake.
Santangelo insisted the cake is for a birthday present to his nephews and seeks revenge for refusing to bake it. Instead, the company is paying for their personal belongings.
“We never agreed to pay anything,” Santangelo told Reuters. “I know we’ve been doing this for a long time.”
Click here to visit FOXNews.com's LGBT Center.
Santangelo was appalled.
“How am I supposed to charge somebody $135,000 for a wedding cake and have it legally denied to my nephews and my niece?” he said. “I have a problem with that. There’s not a lot I can do. We just moved out of our home.”
Santangelo is offering to give him 90 days to pay the costs associated with the Bakery, telling him he must show them his financial responsibility.
“We can send my side of the story to Judge O’Reilly and let them determine that we have enough to pay,” Santangelo said. “I’m very prepared. I have a lawyer with me. We just need to do the work for myself. I need to have someone come out and say we need to pay.”
Santangelo did not return a call seeking comment.
The bakery company is owned by Bruce. Bruce Santangelo has worked with many high-profile clients including Oprah Winfrey, Lea Michele, and ex-President George W. Bush and hopes his bakery can close the case and start over.
>>> COSINE: 0.15598892517945442

>>> URL: huffpost.com/entry/same-sex-marriage-laws-lgbt-teen-suicide-attempts_n_58ac934ae4b02eb3a982e288
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Marriage Laws Linked To Powerful Drop In Teen Suicide Rate
>>> TEXT: Living in a community that recognizes gay marriage can improve the mental health of all teens, according to a new study. State marriage equality laws enacted in the years before the 2015 Supreme Court ruling were linked to lower rates of suicide attempts among all high school students but especially among teens who identified as gay, lesbian, bisexual or unsure. Ultimately, the researchers found, for every year that same-sex marriage laws were in place, 134,000 fewer teens attempted suicide. This is noteworthy because queer teens are more than four times as likely to attempt suicide as their straight peers. While the study doesn’t demonstrate that these laws actually caused a reduction in suicide attempts, lead study author Julia Raifman theorized that having equal protection under the law may account for much of the change. “These are high school students so they aren’t getting married any time soon, for the most part,” said Raifman, a post-doctoral fellow at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health, in a statement about her research. “Still, permitting same-sex marriage reduces structural stigma associated with sexual orientation. There may be something about having equal rights ― even if they have no immediate plans to take advantage of them ― that makes students feel less stigmatized and more hopeful for the future.”
>>> SUMMARY: Tolerant societies have healthier, happier citizens. Period.
>>> GROVER: While most states offer full marriage licenses, New Hampshire parents have fewer reasons to rely on sexual orientation as the primary reason for trying to get married. Just this week, New Hampshire dropped the standard wedding licenses for same-sex marriage.
The same-sex marriage ban was filed in New Hampshire in the aftermath of the election, a sign of a national shift in attitudes toward same-sex couples. While most states set the number of children, same-sex couples are allowed to choose the length of their children’s marriage or the one they want to live with another woman, according to the Senate Campaign Committee for Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H.
Last week, the Supreme Court heard arguments on the legality of same-sex marriage in New Hampshire. According to WMUR, the decision had its first hearing on Tuesday, with both Attorney General Maura Healey and Deputy Attorney General Darin Spaulding arguing that the courts were right to consider the legal rights of the bill’s intended audience.
The National Organization for Marriage, which opposes same-sex marriage, and conservative Christian groups promoted this kind of data – sparking outrage – which caught the attention of organizations such as the National Organization for Marriage, who challenged and tried to push the issue of same-sex marriage.
According to the organization’s website, “by May 17, 2016, New Hampshire voters had approved a constitutional amendment that established the state’s first marriage license will be entitled to same-sex couples, and will extend marriage to all same-sex couples who receive licenses in New Hampshire and Massachusetts.”
In an online op-ed, U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., pointed out that the Amendment Amendment Bill passed by the GOP has had a definite impact on the marriages of dualities in the state.
“As the amendment progressed, many states had differing views on where marriage should take place, as evidenced by recent developments in Massachusetts, Texas, and Alabama,” McCarthy wrote. “By May 17, 2016, New Hampshire voters had approved a constitutional amendment that established the state’s first marriage license will be entitled to same-sex couples, and will extend marriage to all same-sex couples who receive licenses in New Hampshire and Massachusetts.”
Many of the states that had their gay marriages excluded from the amendment include Massachusetts, Hawaii, Delaware, New York, Nevada, Minnesota, North Carolina, Ohio, Texas, Virginia, and Washington. The remaining states that did change to one-sex marriage were Massachusetts, Vermont, Minnesota, North Carolina, Ohio, Virginia, Washington, D.C., and Washington.
>>> COSINE: 0.2579801098921557

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/6k968d/cmv_i_do_not_respectunderstand_people_who_are/
>>> TITLE: I do not respect/understand people who are against gay marriage.
>>> TEXT: I do not respect these people. It's not their place to tell a pair of consenting adults that they have no right to get married. The only reason I know of is religious opposition. One, that is not secular. Two, you already selectively interpret your High and Holy Book as it is. If you are against gay marriage, as a significant number of people still are, I do not respect/understand your position and I consider your position unreasonable. Now let's be clear with the wording of this post. I am not asking you to convince me to be against gay marriage; that's highly unlikely to happen (not even Rule B-compliant tbh). I am asking you to convince me to understand that anti-gay marriage people come from a legitimate place, and that smart and sensible people can have different opinions on it. It's kind of like abortion -- I am pro-choice, but I can understand where the pro-lifers of the world are coming from, and I can say that I respect/understand their opinion however much I disagree with it. Or even with things like immigration, healthcare, and taxes -- I may disagree with the other side, but I can understand that it is an issue that reasonable people will disagree on.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This protest highlights the current rights resistance to this reality
Actor Sean Penn stood alongside his friend Sir Bradley Cooper, reading a giant sign reading "All my life, in private, I have been very supportive of marriage".
It made an impression, however. The issue of gay marriage is making headlines in Sweden, but how many people would look at that one? Maybe five?
Monsters, unwanted pets and drugs
When a man reads an article in an online forum, it doesn't mean he is gay or has sex with a woman.
However, the article is a freedom of speech violation, because it insults a person who is a "person you respect". It then flags that person in a negative light.
Open article
While there are still a few websites in Sweden, there are many that are devoted to freedom of speech. It is important to follow the rules here.
Tommy Robinson, an academic and a Buddhist
Why do you write about having secret orgies, takes up the microphone and give open feedback when teaching? Isn't it normal to do so? The missionary and heir to that great Branson empire is revered.
Social media
Bloggers often think they can get away with misogyny, but it is very easy to manipulate the online space. Everyone on the platform has different language, opinions and it doesn't have to be that way.
Blogger David Thomas does not attack political opponents; he doesn't voice criticism. He wants his opinion and remarks to provide a context to a discussion and diversity in his opinion.
Artist
Why do you write about when you do not love people like you or care about society?
Journalists are very tired of writing about things people like me don't think. Maybe we should not be in the media.
Celebrity writer
What do you think?
I personally do not like men who are against gay marriage, but not gay men. I think you are decent men who respect and love people, but unfortunately, they need to be married. The next generation needs to make the choice to stay and raise children in a real world where men are encouraged to do what they are supposed to be doing.
>>> COSINE: 0.28187240871451136

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7dhhky/cmv_there_is_no_biblical_reason_to_oppose_gay/
>>> TITLE: There is no Biblical reason to oppose gay marriage
>>> TEXT: The Biblical arguments I have heard against gay marriage go something like this: certain passages in Leviticus are quoted, pointing out that under the Old Testament law, homosexual acts were punishable by death certain New Testament passages are pointed out, for example, where Paul explains that because societies forget God, he gives them up to "unnatural acts" for example, homosexual sex. My point of view: this is not a sufficient argument to show that one should oppose changes in the legal definition of marriage, even if one accepts that homosexual acts are condemned. My reasons: The questions "should I allow myself to do X" and "should I allow others to do X" are separate moral questions. The Bible often draws this distinction - in fact, Christians who feel compelled for religious reasons to impose dietary restrictions on themselves are explicitly warned not to try to impose them on others. It does not automatically follow, even if you are certain that gay sex is wrong, that it is your personal mission to prevent others from engaging in it. The questions "Should I allow other Christians to do X" and "Should I allow unbelievers to do X" are, in Biblical ethics, separate moral questions.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This week the Ministry of Justice said it had no grounds to oppose gay marriage from here on out, but the Human Rights Campaign, a human rights lobby, had previously agreed to bow to "religious or cultural agendas"
Two days after the Supreme Court ruled in favour of a path to same-sex marriage in the US, religious organisations came under renewed pressure to say no to the two developments.
Christian Presbyterian organisation Cuculance, which has already been sued by the Catholic Church over its position on a call for marriage between a man and a woman, has issued a strongly worded statement opposing such marriages, compared it to protests against Catholic schools catering to Catholics, says the Christian Scientist News Service.
Christians often debate whether same-sex marriage "could bring good or bad" and when "sinners" could be harmed. In recent months, the US has been gripped by the Christendom's first-ever public debate over same-sex marriage.
Christian Evangelical leaders were shocked at the outcome of the landmark court case in US v Hobby Lobby, which overturns the ban on marriage between two men. Many Christian leaders, including the Rev John Hayes of Trinity United Church of Christ, fear the issue will sink back into the grip of fundamentalist believers who "defeat the will of God by depriving us of an intellectual property issue".
Their concern is strengthened by a recent campaign by the BBC to show that marriage between a man and a woman should, indeed, be legalised. They are led by the venerable sociology department at the Johns Hopkins University's Center for Social Studies.
Though they are deeply-held religious people, so-called fraternal groups have been drawing their allies in challenging traditional marriage views that critics accuse of persecution.
But their statement denies that the Supreme Court, in its support of legalisation of same-sex marriage, constituted a "Christian or cultural agenda".
It concludes: "We will continue to work for equality in every social and political sphere, as long as we are called upon to do so."
The working-class Christian organisation vowed it would support any debate around such debate and even "support a legalised two-tier marriage".
The conservative Salvation Army, the national non-governmental organisation that rails against same-sex marriage, linked its position to the last atheism movement, especially Sarah Palin's passionate anti-porn reading, from which Jesus Christ chose to bring forth Jesus Christ.
In a joint statement condemning the decision to reject lawsuits, they said: "Without contraception and abortion, the working-class Christians and their allies and followers of Christ would be better off."
Dan Margolis, the organisation's former president, told the Guardian that his organisation had had different views over same-sex marriage. He said a traditionalist view had existed, but a legalistic one.
"I started with a community standpoint and called all of them Church and Unitarians and simply for a number of reasons, a good many of them were most of them," he said.
Nowadays, almost all non-believers are in favour of same-sex marriage. Margolis's division of his organisation is the "Men Against the Board of Canons", a coalition he said is a "deeply troubled" American evangelical movement.
The organisation published a statement this week which said it would do "whatever possible" to fight legalisation. "Our best approach would be for the administration of federal law, not a war against God but rather for our churches to stand by the true believers on the land of God," it added.
The situation is fraught for Evangelical groups and the latter have been emphasising the "scale" of its latest efforts. The Concerned Evangelicals For Justice - which announced it would join the Catholic Church's decision to support a path to marriage between a man and a woman on Monday - mobilised around 2,000 people to protest at the Christian Science house, where they committed suicide on Sunday.
The Trussell Trust, which spearheaded the petition, was open to all legal disputes and agreed to take legal advice on whether the document was good policy in the case. Its pastor, John Jones, said "the principle of children as human beings is a bedrock and central principle in Christianity and science, yet attempts to limit those fundamental principles to religious belief over (religious), and to resist them, is immoral".
"As a global charity, we will take any legal action necessary to ensure that all of our supporters have freedom to be who they wish to be," it said.
>>> COSINE: 0.13220496325635048

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9mht9v/same_sex_marriage_is_not_real_marriage/
>>> TITLE: Same sex marriage is not real marriage.
>>> TEXT: I was raised as a Christian conservative. Also, I'm not some backwoods hillbilly that has never been exposed to alternate lifestyles. I'm a well educated faculty member at one of the top tier academic institutions in my area (and get exposed to all sorts of people with different backgrounds as a result). I have always been taught that marriage is between one man and one woman as God intended. I do not hate gay people at all. I have met some pretty awesome gay people before. What I hate is the attempt to place same sex marriage and traditional marriage on the same level as if they are the same thing. They aren't. I also don't agree with the argument that "everyone should have the right to marry who they love". No. You don't have that right. Love is only one factor in marriage. It isn't the only factor. Just because a 15 year old high school student and their teacher fall in love doesn't give them the right to marry. I'm also sure there are weirdos out there who fall in love with a family member. That doesn't give them the right to get married. Marriage is about love, yes.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This is a problem, not a metaphor that is unique to the rightwing — there are a million different definitions of marriage
I did research for a book on same-sex marriage from 1999 but before that I was astounded when the most famous examples of it appeared in popular British literature.
It was not true marriage. Most of what becomes reality is a gradual change in the meaning of marriage between one man and one woman.
Again, these examples involve British Protestant union among Anglo-Catholic Christians, a practising Catholic domestic law which was amended over the centuries to establish the principle of “permanent” civil union as embodied in Catholic law. The reason is, once the clergy are converted, many couples find that they are not allowed to marry.
They find their marriage is, on the face of it, unsatisfactory. They will wish their marriage to be temporary, conditional and agreed upon. However, occasionally they must commit themselves to the union they desire but are not permitted to marry. There are classes in some cases that some of the most experienced Anglicans would recognise as exclusively heterosexual.
I have no problem with the job – it’s a tough job and we all make mistakes, as they happen. Unfortunately, many of the programmes involving LGBT people are inherently homophobic and therefore rather poor on both sides of the debate.
We cannot deprive the gay community of civil life but can do so by promoting a system where the Church is finally left to its own devices to protect or promote “social cohesion”, secularism that promotes freedom of speech, freedom of religion and the freedom to marry.
It is absolutely wrong to discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people and vice versa. We must, however, still insist that law is the last recourse and not always the only choice.
The vast majority of LGBT people are not believed to be monogamous or promiscuous. They have recognised their true sexual identity by deciding to proceed with their love affairs. Sadly, they will never be legally married.
The fact remains that married people often find that their marriages are illegitimate and violent and not legally sanctioned.
I suspect this is the default position of men but I suspect the refusal to accept gay rights means that they are unable to seek redress for their sins.
So the process by which we must defend the civil rights of LGBT people, or the public health threats that our institutions and our government have created will inevitably work as smoothly as it has already done because we stand for the ideals of the LGBT community.
I am elated that we have been able to produce a very far-reaching equality bill which has provided rights to gay and transgender people and a whole community to enjoy. We thank everyone who has demonstrated the courage and commitment to fight to ensure that the civil rights and protections will be kept alive. We are elated that there is more the LGBT community can achieve in this country in the next five years than in the previous five years.
All LGBT people deserve better. There is no need to be judgmental of the LGBT community or use the new legislation to impose a “my way or the highway” syndrome which does little to improve the situation for them. This will not be the result of prejudicial actions on their part or their own agenda.
The civil rights of LGBT people will be important once again for all of us.
>>> COSINE: 0.26691497021505206

>>> URL: usasupreme.com/father-train-asking-gang-stop-smoking/
>>> TITLE: GRAPHIC! Father Brutally Beaten On Train For Asking Gang To Stop Smoking Weed (Video)
>>> TEXT: Many of us have become inured to the presence of violence. Its ubiquity in the news and, for some of us, in our own neighborhoods has numbed us to the shock of this largely preventable condition. The video below offers a sobering reminder of the reality of the costs of violence–financial, human, physical and emotional. We have a violence problem in America. But not from real Americans who are patriots and love their country, usually the violence is conducted by some low scums and thugs who should have their citizenships removed! Kennan Jones was the latest victim of a behavior like this he was attacked by a black gang on Sunday as they rode towards Deep Ellum in Dallas, Texas. He had asked them to stop smoking marijuana on the Dallas Area Rapid Transit train. The group included young men and women who punched him and threw him against the train’s doors before arriving at the station. Some of them pushed off the handle poles to kick Jones from the air. A fellow passenger filmed the attack and shared the footage with DFW, CBS’s local station in Texas. In the video, at least one other passenger tries to intervene but it slapped away.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: A drunk 24-year-old driver on a subway train attacked a man on the station’s tracks, killing the man before being brutally beaten as the 62-year-old bystander pursued him.
[RELATED: Grinch Wins 2016 Grammy Awards For Little Mermaid’s Honeymoon]
It is believed he was driving a Greyhound bus that stopped because he was texting while standing. Someone said a drunken driver with a crowd on train also was drinking with no criminal record, according to local station Ngozi Elliot (@NgoziElliot). He also said that he tried to get attention from a broken MTA sign, using the conductor as an impostor. One man put a hand on his back and pointed a gun at the subway vehicle, said Elliot.
When the train stopped, the driver allegedly tried to bang the rail car into the passenger seat, said Elliot. He then started yelling homophobic slurs at the rail car, as if saying, “We’re all gangsters,” she said. The train continued onto the Lincoln Station, where the stranger followed the driver of the train, reading someone “Nuestra,” according to Elliot.
But the train suddenly stopped, and another drunk driver began shouting homophobic slurs at the train. The men were then restrained, wrenched their necks with street paraphernalia and handcuffed.
The police have charged the 39-year-old shooter as a juvenile. It is unclear if the victim knew the shooter’s identity. Elliot said the man had called the MTA “God’s police.”
Police spokesman Tony Sioffi didn’t provide specific details, but a police officer saw the suspect yell homophobic slurs at the train vehicle. The MTA worker reportedly grabbed the suspect’s gun, and a bullet tore through the seat. The officers fired a single shot to knock the gun out, but it does not seem likely the subway rider could have been seriously hurt.
The train’s conductor, who was crying on the scene, said the shooter was knocked out by his punches. The driver of the train then went to the station, walking around on an empty streetcar.
The suspect also had to fend off a man trying to start a fight with him on the train, according to Elliot.
Bystanders will not be prosecuted, police said.
>>> COSINE: 0.13347749451073815

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Prohibition Only Ends Once': 421 For All Group Takes Aim at Cannabis Criminal Justice Reform
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: [Editor’s Note: This story has been updated to reflect that the League of Conservation Voters is a member of the KUEC. Please note that by email as well as the name of the League of Conservation Voters’ membership, the information in this article will not be accurate as of publication.]
A National legalization group is claiming that marijuana crimes are on the decline in this country. If true, the KUEC is the latest in a growing list of public organizations that are hostile to recreational use of marijuana.
We file this piece in response to Chairman Jay Botterill’s July 4 election news conference in which he described marijuana as being “created as material by patients as an alternative therapeutic health care for treating patients with glaucoma.” His Twitter feed comments, “Let’s Let Start!” This was a reference to U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin’s call for prosecutors and judges to prioritize prosecuting marijuana criminal behavior for medical purposes. Today’s announcement by the group Wild Justice is a turn away, and that the group, as noted by the Chicago Tribune, is no longer a member of the KUEC.
Here’s a statement from Wild Justice spokesman Mitch Braun:
The League of Conservation Voters is not a member of the KUEC. We will continue to oppose cannabis legalization in Vermont, as well as Massachusetts, Michigan, North Carolina, and Oregon. We will not be part of any legislation of legalization that allows for harsher penalties for reckless marijuana-related crimes and dangerous recreational use of marijuana.
That seems like a retort to a 2016 Colorado initiative that put the finishing touches on a plan that would legalize pot, and wind up wiping out more than 75 years of criminal justice reform for a minority of legal cannabis users. A bill called the Cannabis Standards and Justice Act failed in 2016 and has since languished in the Senate. It is a spokesperson of the League of Conservation Voters.
The Libertarian Party’s Benjamin Levin wrote, “Legislation to legalize marijuana should have been passed by the 2006/2007 session in Colorado. The results have been hugely positive for alternative employment programs, women’s health and newborn care services, women’s prison safety, and new community economic and social services. Colorado State Senate approval would have made Colorado the largest state in the country in such services and the number of women prisoners had a significant public health impact.”
The League of Conservation Voters is up to no good.
Join Join Our Hemp Cues Club. It organizes pro-weed activism on a massive scale. Be the first to report on the pot and land changes you are witnessing across the country.
>>> COSINE: 0.19507968281733756

>>> URL: foxnews.com/health/marijuana-legalization-illinois-michigan-midwest
>>> TITLE: Marijuana legalization in Illinois, Michigan could trigger interstate tangling
>>> TEXT: The recreational market selling marijuana is coming to the Midwestern states, and the expensive, challenging industry is bringing a patchwork of legal and cultural snares. The start of legal sales in Michigan on Dec. 1 and in Illinois on Jan. 1 brings a climate to the Midwest where some neighboring states allow limited marijuana use for medical purposes. But, none other has moved to permit recreational use. Officials have been renewing warnings against the dangers of “canna-tourism” and carrying marijuana products over state lines, The Associated Press reported. In Michigan, where $4.7 million of recreational marijuana was sold in the first three weeks of December, regulators said they did not know how much was bought by out-of-state customers. But, many shop owners said business has been brisk, particularly from neighboring Ohio and Indiana and nearby Illinois. “There’s been people from all over,” said Bart Kupczyk, a co-owner and director of retail at Ann Arbor-based Greenstone Provisions, one of 23 Michigan retailers licensed for adult-use recreational sales. “Ann Arbor is close to Ohio. It’s a destination city in its own right as a fairly well-known college town.” Some 45 miles to the south in Morenci, a town of 2,100 people along the Ohio border, a dispensary has reported that a majority of its customers hailed from Ohio, where only medical marijuana has been legal.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Both cities that endorsed recreational marijuana for medical use could be on the map as interstate tangling.
The logistics of interstate entanglement between states and local communities could mean recreational marijuana for these states could converge more quickly than the rest of the country.
The announcement is not expected to make anything immediately for the marijuana trade. The Illinois delegation sent a delegation to two of those states at the Connecticut convention this past week and brought the full delegation to Springfield this week.
“I think Illinois could have a lot of difficulty” meeting states regulations, says Hoven Fataadt, CEO of PBL Group LLC, a consulting firm. “I think what we have on our side here is collaboration. Maybe we can foster that through our efforts in Michigan. I think all the states and cities can benefit from that.”
But Fataadt cautions the legalization of the substance in Illinois “would be different.”
“It would be a grand partnership because the consumers would be able to consume recreational marijuana, so you would see that in Michigan, too,” he says. “It’s not just marijuana that it’s being grown in Illinois.”
Marijuana retailing is still likely to be discussed during a discussion at Springfield this week.
Minority groups are hoping for a compromise in Illinois while women, LGBTQs and people of color feel they’ve been taken advantage of by the state’s marijuana regulations.
However, Republicans Rep. Bruce Robison (R-Palatine) of suburban Cook County, and Rep. Jim Clarke (R-Lansing) of northwest suburban Cook County, oppose the latest efforts to legalize the substance and question whether the debate can be moved in other states.
State Rep. Bob Jensen (R-Lincolnshire) of the National Rifle Association for a proposed inclusion of recreational marijuana for a medical use in the Constitution would be a good move, says Robinson.
“In Michigan, I support it,” he says. “But if you go across the country and go to Illinois, you might find that people are already working that way and raising voices against a somewhat illegal form of marijuana.”
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is scheduled to talk with legislators next week about the regulation of recreational marijuana use, with Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard, who came close to joining the latest State Representatives, most recently being asked if legalization could cause residents to retaliate against neighboring states like Missouri.
Schneiderman intends to focus his efforts on related issues including prohibiting underhand consumption of the drug, enforcing the prohibition of marijuana use as addictive, and more overall Marijuana regulation.
“I would be surprised if and when members of Congress thought it was a walk in the park for legalizing marijuana,” says Robinson. “But I’m supporting an effort that would put an end to the legalized, legal, illegal drug epidemic.”
Robison wouldn’t be surprised if lawmakers add marijuana to the list of topics that include tourism, agriculture, health care, transit and more.
Robison contends it’s important for these states to make strategic decisions about marijuana before it makes it into the law.
“It’s certainly better to use marijuana than we should. We’re not really selling a recreational product. The problem with that is that we can’t do it with the same level of sophistication and focus that it should. I don’t think we should be pushing that from the standpoint of what’s best for our state. I think these folks have to have a better idea of what’s best for their state,” he says.
Fataadt cautions against putting such numbers out on the table until a compromise takes place.
“I believe anytime we compromise we see a negative reaction, and then we tend to think, ‘That’s good for our state, but then we don’t get all the benefits of legalization.’ I would argue what we have got here is very limited,” he says. “We really have to leave it up to those of us that really have a stake in our state, that are interested in our state, to tell us what we can do for our state.”
>>> COSINE: 0.3707401867238153

>>> URL: nytimes.com/2019/03/17/us/politics/marijuana-legalize-democrats.html
>>> TITLE: Legalizing Marijuana, With a Focus on Social Justice, Unites 2020 Democrats
>>> TEXT: People in Colorado still remember John Hickenlooper’s crack after the state legalized marijuana, a move he opposed: “Don’t break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly.” But Mr. Hickenlooper, the governor at the time of the 2012 initiative allowing recreational use of cannabis, eventually changed his mind. He acknowledged that fears of increased use by children did not materialize, and he boasted of the tax revenues for social programs that regulated sales delivered. Entering the Democratic presidential race this month, Mr. Hickenlooper joined a field already jammed with pro-legalization candidates, a reflection of swiftly changing public opinion since Colorado became one of the first of 10 states with legal recreational marijuana. The issue today is a pillar of progressive politics, but not because of graying hippies who like their Rocky Mountain High. Rather, for many Democrats, legalization has become a litmus test for candidates’ commitment to equal treatment for all races in policing and criminal justice as well as fighting economic inequality. “A Democrat who is not on board with legalization or addressing it in terms of repairing harms brought by prohibition for decades is going to have a tough time convincing any voter they’re serious about racial justice,” said Vincent M.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: In a meeting hosted by The Herald here, state Senators Thom Tillis and Bobby O’Brien tried to head off controversy surrounding Republican efforts to legalize recreational marijuana in the State of New York, a proposal expected to make state senators reelect Democrats in November.
In a phone interview this morning, Tillis, O’Brien and others seemed to feel that the dust settling on the issue has led them to an uphill battle in a state that has contributed as much to national Republican politics as Virginia does to black and brown America, according to some insiders.
“It’s not over yet,” said Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.). “But we’re here and we’re going to continue to fight to bring attention to this topic, as has been done.”
A message left with the committee members last night was not returned.
The feud between Rockefeller and Schneiderman entered into force last year, but Republican Sen. John E. Murtha says this is the first year that he can retain his seat. O’Brien’s being investigated for possible income-tax evasion and the D’Aroonio brothers’ plan to reverse a recent ruling on the Affordable Care Act.
Murtha also believes there is a benefit in having Cuomo opposed to the bill. A source explained that O’Brien could spend years in the dust-check if the case goes to trial.
“This is an issue that Democrats are all over again,” said a Senate Republican Leader. “A lot of Democrats have said, ‘Why don’t you kill this?’ It’s just not sustainable. People say, ‘If they had known it was not in the bill, this would’ve been big.'”
>>> COSINE: 0.13579738588420034

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/aowh26/cmv_marijuana_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: Marijuana should be legalized
>>> TEXT: So my glorious senator from my home state Ron Wyden has introduced a bill to legalize marijuana in America. Although I doubt it will actually get passed I think that it ought to. Here are my reasons for why it ought to be legalized: It was made illegal in the first place due to racist fear-mongering and stories made up by people who are clearly ignorant of marijuana and it's effects (i.e. Reefer Madness) Although this is sort of a separate issue, the designation of marijuana as a Schedule I drug is absurd, especially when you look at how other illicit drugs are classified. By definition, Schedule I drugs, are defined as drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. The first point is false, marijuana has some medicinal usages such as helping with pain or appetite in cancer patients. Does marijuana have a high potential for abuse? Well, it certainty has a potential for abuse, but is it really worse than meth, cocaine, or fentanyl (which btw are all Schedule II)? I'm well aware that marijuana is not a harmless drug, but look at alcohol and tobacco which are both legal and significantly worse for you than marijuana is.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: To consider marijuana's medicinal benefit is to recognize some of the positive effects its use has, especially in the developing world
In India a handful of people took pot for medicinal purposes with doctors having recommended its medicinal value. The spread of cannabis, however, has proved to be highly controversial. As marijuana is already widely available, the issue seems to have developed a bit more of a debate.
As such, it would not be surprising to find people talking about cutting in half the weed available in the immediate post-illegal settlements. In India, the first trend seems to be to cut in half the weed given its medicinal value. The news seems to have been driven by the country's government to make it more accessible to the higher-class Indians - those classified as drug users.
But in a recent poll, 43% of those surveyed said that marijuana should be legalized. These are obviously still hefty numbers, but it's time for discussion. That said, why not consider cannabis's medicinal benefit?
Marijuana is generally considered to be natural and to be capable of producing various functions such as a tranquiliser, THC and the like. It is also a pharmacological concern, for which there is now considerable medical assistance. Marijuana has its uses, however, so there is no reason to rule out its benefits as a gateway drug to other medicinal tasks.
The message from the politicians
President of the UK Prime Minister Theresa May has said that authorities should welcome the introduction of cannabis to the NHS as a powerful medicinal agent. This, of course, is worthy. Patients need enough medical assistance to function properly - even, it is suggested, in the first place. But there is now clear evidence that consuming marijuana can help people, too.
The recent spate of feedback from a number of government bodies has indicated that cannabis is a useful and valuable therapeutic agent. Politicians should use that data to shape policy and propose solutions. With medical marijuana fields being started nationally, this will help to do just that.
Such risks are therefore not too far-fetched. Whatever strategy the UK could take, I strongly think that the compassionate approach to the issue is the right one. No politician should ignore or ignore the positive benefits of marijuana. But we do not need convincing to do so.
>>> COSINE: 0.31135428270974874

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ac7y3q/cmv_cannabis_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: Cannabis should be legalized.
>>> TEXT: So here is my opinion on the legalization of Cannabis: It's prohibition was not justified. After the failure of the alcohol prohibition in the states, government officials needed a new enemy: Cannabis. After picking the only negative opinion of a scientist, they proposed it to the Un and they actually agreed (obviously, this is a very simple version of it). Countries like Germany protested but were silenced through it's pharma industry lobbyists, as they saw a danger in this drug making some of their products obsolete. Cannabis can be used as a painkiller, to calm people with behavioral syndromes and some claim even against other diseases. Although it is legalized for medical purposes in some countries, supply is low and the prices ridiculous, as insurances won't pay for it. Cannabis is less harmful than Alcohol and Nicotine. The only risks of consuming it are a psychosis (I'll adress these again) or damaging your lung through smoking (minimized by vaping or edibles). When you're high you drive better and calmer than when you're drunk (driving while high should still be illegal). It destroys a branch of the black market, as people can just buy it (btw. governments can earn millions through taxes).
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This post was previously published on TechFreedom.org
Stories about marijuana like this are not uncommon in research and media, but none are like this one of the most popular stories online this week.
I spoke to a lot of people about the potential for cannabidiol, a psychoactive ingredient found in many marijuana extracts that can be prescribed by doctors.
IBRN is the marketing arm of the marijuana-derived cannabis company Intrexon, which runs an online portal for marijuana businesses and is currently worth around $1.4 billion. As its name suggests, it is offering dietary supplements, yoga classes and cosmetics called Cannabis Magic, alongside its own medical marijuana license.
Mindfulness in cannabis
The internet service provider founded by Wired journalist and parent of cannabis enthusiast James Wong wrote some of the first in-depth interviews about the potential to include medical marijuana as an alternative. As a result, more people are examining medical marijuana supplements and its potential to give the benefits.
While others look for more specific ingredients in marijuana, many U.S. research companies use concentrates and cannabinoids to optimize the product. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is scheduled to test in 2020 a series of these compounds that will be used to treat medical conditions.
Broad-based medical marijuana "at low-cost, that’s actually improving as long as the product is legal or regulated in certain states, and there will be room for some of those approvals," said Hiroshi Atahashi, a Nihon Krakower professor at NYU.
Marla Eltahawy, a Kajada scientist and author of the Scientific American essay Cannabis Medicine Who Knew It: A History of the Food and Drug Industry, said the possibility of having medical marijuana in mass quantities in the foreseeable future was appealing.
"It won’t prevent the problem, but it will make it seem like a possibility,” Eltahawy said.
As with studies done in previous years and conducted by several different labs, participants in the online Cannabis Magic portal were uninterested in heavy THC, which the researchers found responsible for various alcohol and medication effects. But as regulations change, this product does have a strong chance of growing in overpopulation.
“It’s safe, it’s improved as long as it is legal," Atahashi said.
Medical marijuana markets
Even research studies are out there that address commercial cannabis. BioGlen, a Tucson-based cannabis retail business, published the first post of this article: The Present: Marijuana as an Alternative to Medical Marijuana.
It involved other very aggressive research and licensing projects.
One attempt looked at the idea of treating osteoarthritis, which affects many people around the world. Researchers looked at nearly 1,400 studies of patients, including full-term musculoskeletal pain patients.
The mid- to late-stage studies focused in particular on reducing inflammation and altered appetite. In those studies, patients were able to make a greater amount of saturated fats (50 percent of fat equals 2/3) on average than the standard setting. Results from those studies still haven’t been released.
All this information came up with the idea that adult marijuana can be used for other forms of arthritis, or worse.
"Everyone should be concerned about that and the risk of an arthritis complication," Wong wrote.
>>> COSINE: 0.19879105070785585

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/8spy7n/marijuana_should_not_be_legalized_for/
>>> TITLE: Marijuana should not be legalized for recreational purposes.
>>> TEXT: When I was younger, I was the textbook "young libertarian" who hated anything the government did to restrict even the most insignificant freedom. But as I became older, I began to realize more and more that "intrusive" government regulation is nessicary, not only to protect people from people from themselves, but also to maintain a functional society. There are a couple of reasons why I dislike Marijuana, and none of them are very major, but when they are all considered together, I think they make a compelling argument. Safety. I'm going to cheat on this one a little. The jury is still out on the effects of marijuana on cognitive development, and there is debate on wheater the act of smoking can cause lung issues. What can be safely said though is that smoking Marijuana isn't particularly healthy. At least not compared to other things you could be spending your time and money on. Another aspect to consider is DUI and other hazards caused by impairment. Our society already has a major problem with drunk driving, so why add high driving into the mixture? The real hazard here comes from how quickly Marijuana acts on the nervous system. While it usually takes 2-3 beers to cause significant impairment, a single hit from a joint is enough to impair most people.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Marijuana should not be legalized for recreational purposes. A federal judge ruled in 2017 that the US federal government had overstepped its authority on drug use.
With the justices in a non-threatening 7-1 decision in January, a judge in the US District Court in the western Missouri state of Arkansas ruled marijuana was an appropriate form of legal marijuana for adults 21 and older.
On Tuesday, the same judge ruled that the federal government had overstepped its authority on drug use, citing cases dating to 2000.
Judge Patrick Gonzales ruled in March that the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives had overstepped its authority by adopting not only what the state of Missouri allowed the government to do with marijuana but also what it did not do with humans, namely by supporting operations to ensure drug sales were regulated accordingly.
David Koch, the President of the libertarian Ohio-based Independence party, called Gonzales’ decision “a significant defeat for state sovereignty in this landmark case about the legalization of medical marijuana.”
>>> COSINE: 0.181688093666816

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9v73vf/unpopular_opinion_legalization_of_marijuana/
>>> TITLE: Unpopular opinion: legalization of marijuana recreationally is stupid
>>> TEXT: I think it's just plain dumb. Dont get me wrong, medicinal marijuana to help aid people who have chronic pain or terminal illnesses is fine. It helps them cope with their condition and, because their illness is terminal, won't affect them later in life. But I feel different about recreational use. I understand a lot of the viewpoints supporting it. It's wrong to persecute and imprison people, especially of color over non violent drug offenses. At the same time, however, a crime is a crime. Knowingly selling and distributing drugs is illegal. I think, perhaps instead, they get fined. But I digress. Marijuana has some serious side effects. Its linked to development problems, cancers and ect. It's basically making a new, potentially more addictive cigarette available to the market. Obviously, normal cigarettes are declining in popularity, but juuling and marijuana use is increasing. This, I fear, will cause another generation of people who will die young and regret ever smoking. Not only this, cigarettes and addictions are costly, and making marijuana legal will just make it easier for people to drain their income. Marijuana is also linked to disorders which cause people to be less active and less willing to work.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This online political opinion poll was commissioned by Petition for Responsible Drug Use and Definitions
Apparently it's a bit off the mark to ask the question about marijuana legalization – but shouldn't the party that's just contemplating legalisation run one step closer to legalization.
A study conducted by American Journal of Public Health found that 25% of those who approve of recreational use of cannabis use said that this change shouldn't be a surprise to cannabis-using citizens.
On the other hand, the poll not only revealed that 31% of respondents think legalization should be a requirement for cannabis users to be treated as their parents' children, but that, instead, they're considering not giving cannabis users age-old prescriptions of medicinal drugs.
And if this poll's in doubt, that's good news – could it be that legalization is too much of a Hail Mary pass? For many people, the answer might as well be "no".
Because the way your medicine looks.
Want to know the answer to the 2015 poll question?
All that's left is for people to worry – enough with the smug excuses the pollsters use in this case, isn't that what it came down to? Shouldn't we still look at the survey to find out what makes cannabis different from some, say, heroin?
Will pot smokers be persuaded to give up smoking? Or more positively, why should we treat them as their parents' kids? It's too much wrong.
Well, perhaps. And I'm not referring to those 28-year-olds whose opinions have been rubber stamped.
In an unfortunate Facebook post earlier this week, for example, a commenter called it "a joke" and said that people need to think about marijuana "in a real way". For others, it's "obsession with friends and family".
YouTube funny man Mark Wilson talking about changing the way Americans pay their taxes, eliminating unnecessary burdens, and defining the American character for our society, says that "a few facts are enough".
Yes, we really know this could be an effect of legalisation, but especially for people who are being shown to be drug users. (That's just a simple tip on how to lose your head, anyway.)
Public Health Canada says it would not ignore this problem:
"We cannot foresee how marijuana may become a significant issue in Canada that could bring down Canada's standards of public health services."
"What makes marijuana a success story is its ability to restore healthy development, increase temperance tolerance, reduce opioid risks and decrease criminal behaviour. By improving the quality of public health services for Canadians and our health care system, there is a built-in incentive to manage chronic conditions and other conditions as best as we can".
"In our evaluation of the research as evidence-based or otherwise, other studies have shown the relative efficacy of marijuana alongside other medicinal, non-cannabis drugs and other medication intervention … It has even shown to be more effective and safer than other drugs."
Unfortunately, it's not the only thing they'll be duking it out with. There's been another online poll by the Daily Mail offering an unapologetic claim: "The law is not changing … … but we will. "
"We just got off our property this week and will be watching very closely to see how we vote on the question … #4thsense #Potislature"
One might be perfectly fine with that. Any of these polls remain firmly on point.
Originally published on HealthyJuiceBlog.co.uk
>>> COSINE: 0.2500460004008634

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/902dof/cmv_marijuana_shouldnt_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: Marijuana shouldn’t be legalized.
>>> TEXT: I’m serious. Weed is especially destructive in teenagers’ brains. It leads to less grey matter, more disorganized white matter, working memory and attention deficiencies, and a loss of IQ points (Current Addiction Reports). And legalization makes it easier for teens to acquire; while Colorado has not seen an overall change in teen use since legalization, legalization of medical pot made it more easily accessible for teens. Monitoring the Future also proved that alcohol and marijuana, which are legal and quasi-legal in our society, are far more accessible to teens than hard drugs like heroin and meth, which debunks the myth that simply regulating it will decrease teen usage. It’s similar regarding traffic and the roads. A study from Nova Scotia found that driving under the influence of marijuana doubles the risk of a serious or fatal car accident. Another study found that marijuana-related traffic fatalities tripled from 1999-2010. And that sure has manifested where weed has become legal. In Washington State, traffic fatalities where the driver tested positive for THC doubled after legalization. In Denver, CO, the same occurred, according to data. Many like to point to how alcohol is far more dangerous and how Prohibition was ineffective. Alcohol has been used by Western culture for thousands of years before we were aware of harmful effects.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 8 years old
More than 100,000 people support decriminalising pot, but it is only legal in up to about 1,700 districts
As recreational pot grows, tourism breaks a tight grip on the Irish territory of Guyana. Twenty-five thousand, 250,000, or almost 31% of the population, vote for an adult-only decriminalisation of marijuana.
Scotland decriminalised all forms of cannabis, too. It is not the first UK law that criminalises marijuana, but for the first time it can be legal to buy or sell three plants at once.
The national government has also changed the law on pot from a short-term drug that is illegal to enter the UK to a nationwide measure that outlaws distillers – which they call extra-weed specialists – and weed shops where customers buy and sell up to 400 plants.
From jail to property business
The UK government issued a decree of decriminalisation to those 17,000 voters who voted in a previous referendum, but get another chance once the government is re-elected next year.
The result may be different in Guyana. The referendum was widely expected. Most Western pollsters had predicted it would be a close vote in both men and women.
In Scotland, the 75,000 Irish gun owners who voted against decriminalisation in the parliamentary vote in May were hugely encouraging – and feared because of the increasing numbers of, among others, children.
The row centres on the constitutionality of the Second Amendement, a law that explicitly prohibits “gambling with any substance other than tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)” in cannabis.
The new law, passed by parliament last week, allows for locally grown cannabis to be taxed at 6% tax, which is just a fraction of the rate that the British government negotiated for cannabis in December.
But the UK government believes the UK’s burgeoning poll numbers in this area should be used as evidence that cannabis’s passage in the UK has not yet done enough to normalise the drug’s use.
Medical groups are divided, however, over whether the British government should do more to restrict cannabis use. More modest measures – such as reducing its number of plants – can be a trickier proposition.
Dr Allan Keigher, chief medical officer of the Irish Medical Association, told the BBC: “What we’re hearing is that a lot of the final decisions are going to be whether the people who take it through, say, the blue and yellow cards in the law, with no changes in direction, make those changes or see a relaxation of of cannabis laws.”
He repeated his opposition to closing a tax loophole for medical marijuana. “The global reach is huge,” he said. “The issue is what about science, how about the industry, how about the affordability.
“We’re not allowing for innovation in medicine to go up in smoke because the medicinal value of cannabis is frankly not worth the price of suffering.”
Insurance company Galway, which has decided to sell weed it would lawfully purchase, believes that “legalisation is not the answer”.
Government lawyer William Stephenson, representing Galway, told Sky News that closing a tax loophole would have “a significant number of impact” on cases in which local customers use legal cannabis to stay legal.
He said: “No one should be written off as being naive.”
Stephenson welcomed the huge numbers of people who campaigned to elect decriminalisation. He said: “It really shows the extent to which people are still saying, ‘If it’s legalized, if it’s approved, if it’s in the main stream, then there’s lots of evidence to support the argument that people don’t like the idea’.”
An increased share of voters outside the polls were likely to say: “They don’t like the idea of cannabis being taxed.”
>>> COSINE: 0.11491376885459788

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Babylon... What am I doing wrong?!
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: My make-up is a late night of light in dim alleyways. I have no real­ex­fication of size so I always paint under my clothes the rest of the time. On certain nights I am always dry.
I have occasionally had a feel­ment about how ­herself looks compared to someone else’s. It’s very real, just like my own skin, when someone ­compares me to another person.
But in particular when I look at ­her, it’s ­honey-faced, ­day-to-day, perfectly ­normal in every way. There are a few things that are ­not consciously important to me…
Lately I have ­declared that I’m a nasty rich girl. I’m a ­exporter. I’m this ­boss at my ­big ­business where I employ ­non-whites.
When I get sick of seeing her on my daytime – I am determined to keep that ­word from smearing my skin, my ­disorder, and in general my genetic ­suppliers.
* From £180.
I can have other people’s woman problems.
Like this article? Sign up to Left Foot Forward's weekday email for the latest progressive news and comment - and support campaigning journalism by making a donation today.
>>> COSINE: 0.07429041569336822

