>>> URL: usasupreme.com/belfast-christian-bakers-sued-not-making-gay-marriage-cake/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: No one should be forced into making anything or doing anything against their beliefs! Sadly, Christian bakers Daniel and Amy McArthur from Northern Ireland were taken to court when they refused to make a cake for a gay wedding with a gay marriage slogan. The owners of Belfast-based Ashers Bakery declined an order placed by gay activist Gareth Lee for a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan, claiming the message was inconsistent with their deeply held religious beliefs. Through the legal proceedings, Asher’s manager Daniel McArthur insisted Mr. Lee’s sexuality was never an issue, rather the message he wanted the bakery to create. If equality law means people can be punished for politely refusing to support other people’s causes, then equality law needs to change,”-Mr. McArthur said. This ruling undermines democratic freedom. It undermines religious freedom. It undermines free speech. He added: What we refused to do was to be involved with promoting a political campaign to change marriage law in Northern Ireland.” “Because we’re Christians, we support the current law and we felt that making this cake would make us responsible for its message.” “We wouldn’t decorate a cake with a pornographic picture or with swear words. We wouldn’t even decorate a cake with a spiteful message about gay people because to do so would be to endorse and promote it.”
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Many of you are having trouble forming your own denomination in politics, religious or secular. Here are some ways in which we can help change your face and “clone” us.
Who is your friend or foe?
Many of you have two or more political affiliations, including: with certain political leaders. An acquaintance you recognize in a political household has both political and religious affiliation, and either a friend or foe. For example, you get a picture of your friend’s political affiliation with one or both of you’s political affiliations, and they list both letters and even your political affiliations in alphabetical order. Your friend/opposition leader will nominate you as your friend (although you may also be entering politics or religious affairs) as well as your allies. Let’s go over some of the other political affiliations of your friends. This is your official list of fellow political associates. If you have several political acquaintances, let’s tell them which three, two or more on your list are political and which one are religious. Keep in mind that you’ll be attracted to to include two political allies. In addition, you could also link up with multiple political and religious friends.
How would I share that name with my political opponent?
Here are the two political allies I’m closest to: to our friend, Mayor Mike Napolitano and to one of his partners in the state Senate. Their dual identities can also aid in solving difficult political issues in Washington, D.C.

>>> COSINE: 0.10625342598118692

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: Photo credit: Glacier Air Force Base
More information:
View and email info
Walking Streams in Glacier Air Force Base (the base is located on Mount Vernon) and expect good weather. Park, picnic, or enjoy the sun-drenched afternoon if there is spring. We understand there are amenities provided but stay tuned to the WiFi system.
Beers will likely be supplied by local brewing companies including Afrobens and at the Gas In-Urmer brewing equipment. If you plan to take advantage of daily Mountain Trade with flights between Olympia and Glacier, drive immediately; a dual run will take you through Glacier by car or truck on Highway 20, a paved, 2.2 mile road.
Independence Day activities will take place on the weekends throughout the summer. Rain or shine to see the downtown downtown at sunset and skiing at sunset will make an appearance. Walk east on Springbank, then hit Lake Mary or better roads. It will most likely be sunny after sunset with temperatures in the upper 60s. The forecast calls for rain, which means we may get a lot less precipitation, then some hot afternoon temperatures. There will be ample sunshine today, then sunning and then blowing clouds that we don’t want to have over us. Rain or shine to see the parking for all levels.
Other school, and health services will run out with lunch. But there’s a world of fun planned out for folks in Glacier, as well as other sites: use Gourde Drive for trains for a good jog, cold pocket jog, old turnbuckle jog, and much more.
One last thing: We want to see snow for the first time this week.
Since the mountains are wider now than in 1959 there will be snow accumulating. That shouldn’t happen until late fall. Get out and drive on the front end. Flat land is taking a back seat. The other parts have more snow to die for as winter melts away, but this isn’t at the end of the ski season for many. You can get some snow in the early spring and continue driving until the weekend is over. Head for winter.

>>> COSINE: 0.025104284104229144

>>> URL: foxnews.com/us/oregon-bakery-owners-pay-more-than-135g-in-damages-over-refusal-to-make-cake-for-gay-wedding
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The owners of an Oregon bakery who denied service to a same-sex couple have paid more than $135,000 in state-ordered damages – months after refusing to do so – according to state officials Monday. Aaron Klein, co-owner of Sweet Cakes, by Melissa, dropped a check off for $136,927.07, according to the Bureau of Labor and Industries. The payment includes interest. Klein also paid $7,000 earlier this month. Damages were award in July for emotional suffering caused by the bakery which refused to make a wedding cake for Laurel and Rachel Bowman-Cryer more than two years ago. The bakers said they refused to make the cake because of their religious beliefs. The dispute goes back to January 2013 when Bowman-Cryer came into the shop with her mother for a cake-tasting appointment. However, Aaron Klein told the women that the bakery didn’t do cakes for same-sex weddings. The women filed complaints with the state and triggered a national debate over claims of religious beliefs against anti-discrimination laws. Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian awarded the damages nearly six months ago, saying the owners had violated the women’s civil rights by discriminating on the basis of their sexual orientation. They were also slapped with a gag order that prohibited them from speaking publicly about their refusal to participate in or bake wedding cakes for same-sex marriages.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: An ear infection occurs when the body cleanses itself of germs, showing the damage that occurs in the wake of a stressful illness. This can be particularly an issue with children and adults. The stress is especially high when it comes to after school and during the day. Healthy youngsters are especially susceptible to ear infections, according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV). In this study, researchers from The Infant Mortality Group analyzed the performance of 81 children and their parents as they were evaluated on their infrastructures. Their most common side effects were joint swelling, coagulation, distorted hearing, and a decrease in function/ability to perform the skills required to communicate and decipher words from another person.
The children’s recordings of verbal activity were collected before the study, while their parents listened to the sound, and then followed. The children listened as the results were reported on their smartphone screens by using their parents’ devices, and then in the comments section, when their parents reached the number of recorded conversations.
The study also identified various differences in performance when it comes to becoming aware of and responding to sounds, and to explaining a talking animal to its handlers. Researchers identified 51 differences in performance levels between the speakers, and found that to their benefit those speakers were asked to consistently decline to type a word. More interesting to this is the timing of the context of the words. Having a verbal memory that doesn’t interrupt speech may help adults be more effective communicators.
The study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. A clinical trial in over 500 children is being conducted by the American College of Speech and Hearing Disease. The goal is to find out if ear infections related to working as babies and adults could be a side effect of working in the womb during childcare.
Source: The Infant Mortality Group
The study appears in the January 15 online issue of The Infant Mortality Group.

>>> COSINE: 0.020583976489726624

>>> URL: huffpost.com/entry/same-sex-marriage-laws-lgbt-teen-suicide-attempts_n_58ac934ae4b02eb3a982e288
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Living in a community that recognizes gay marriage can improve the mental health of all teens, according to a new study. State marriage equality laws enacted in the years before the 2015 Supreme Court ruling were linked to lower rates of suicide attempts among all high school students but especially among teens who identified as gay, lesbian, bisexual or unsure. Ultimately, the researchers found, for every year that same-sex marriage laws were in place, 134,000 fewer teens attempted suicide. This is noteworthy because queer teens are more than four times as likely to attempt suicide as their straight peers. While the study doesn’t demonstrate that these laws actually caused a reduction in suicide attempts, lead study author Julia Raifman theorized that having equal protection under the law may account for much of the change. “These are high school students so they aren’t getting married any time soon, for the most part,” said Raifman, a post-doctoral fellow at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health, in a statement about her research. “Still, permitting same-sex marriage reduces structural stigma associated with sexual orientation. There may be something about having equal rights ― even if they have no immediate plans to take advantage of them ― that makes students feel less stigmatized and more hopeful for the future.”
>>> SUMMARY: Tolerant societies have healthier, happier citizens. Period.
>>> GROVER: Just when your husband might be singing “Royals” to you, the new clock from George & I just might give you a laugh. It’s out for public broadcast on Sunday, March 16, at 10 p.m. EST on U.S. television.
HMS Wilson, as you may recall, was the sole survivor of the Artemis Island fishing accident as of Monday, February 18. Luckily, Maureen Duffy, the boat’s mother and grandfather, survived. Duffy, who declined to comment for the meeting, rushed to her daughter’s side after the accident to comfort her.
In a brief moment, Duffy completed a wish, a long-distance handwritten note in which she laid directly on the boat’s brass plate, blaring the tune of the Mae West classic “Roots.”
Later that afternoon, Duffy gave a speech on behalf of the Mai’m Ga’cha Marwa House Program at the Connecticut State University Carousel Opera House, which launched its namesake Herman Reed in the 1960s.
“We ask that if we can help gather the necessary resources for help for the Mai’m Ga’cha Marwa House Program’s programs in Connecticut, that the Mai’m Ga’cha Marwa House Program be formed in Hartford as a nonprofit charity,” he said.

>>> COSINE: 0.03563644845710223

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/6k968d/cmv_i_do_not_respectunderstand_people_who_are/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I do not respect these people. It's not their place to tell a pair of consenting adults that they have no right to get married. The only reason I know of is religious opposition. One, that is not secular. Two, you already selectively interpret your High and Holy Book as it is. If you are against gay marriage, as a significant number of people still are, I do not respect/understand your position and I consider your position unreasonable. Now let's be clear with the wording of this post. I am not asking you to convince me to be against gay marriage; that's highly unlikely to happen (not even Rule B-compliant tbh). I am asking you to convince me to understand that anti-gay marriage people come from a legitimate place, and that smart and sensible people can have different opinions on it. It's kind of like abortion -- I am pro-choice, but I can understand where the pro-lifers of the world are coming from, and I can say that I respect/understand their opinion however much I disagree with it. Or even with things like immigration, healthcare, and taxes -- I may disagree with the other side, but I can understand that it is an issue that reasonable people will disagree on.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: COOKE BLOOMSTEIN suffered an early death at a hotel in Slovenia
On the day of the Slovenian meeting of the world's elite, former EU commissioner Oettinger met me and his staff at the Monte Grande hotel and was generally happy. The night before I knew the mood was delicately calm. I joined Oettinger's wife in the hotel lobby for a raucous discourse on the condition of the EU workers. We shared a bramble and a ceaseless holler, and I watched as the hosts of the debate, Leszek Boryshko, and Vladimir Nekrasov, followed.
A few hours later, Oettinger died. "Departing on early Saturday afternoon, four hours after" an aide said at his residence, "I became aware of something that had happened. This was a suicide. My wife is very distraught. I hope she won't have to see me." It's not possible to say what Oettinger's manner was, but he has died alone. His words on behalf of Europeans certainly have affected me.
JAWSTIFF: HILLSEIGHT CONTRIBUTIONS
I recently heard about the secret talks about Britain's negotiations with the EU, which go to the table early next year. I have been told that Prime Minister May will make a speech to parliament today. That would be about curbing immigration to Britain but also about our desire to create the immigration system which you have seen in European Union organisations.
So I reckon Britain might seek something more "different" from the EU - or perhaps a combination of "foreign workers", "non-citizens", and - perhaps - "jobless-producing" - jobs. Of course there would need to be better protections for workers than currently in the EU, but that would be a very radical idea.
KALAMASTISHA CAROLE
On this date I was invited by her father to meet soon-to-be prime minister Kharkov. We were both happy to board the plane from Brighton and then take me on a guided tour of the city and Iceland. The atmosphere was exciting - and dry.
INTOYAFE
Inside was a labyrinthine wharves where workingmen and craftsmen gathered. The small goldcandy-used tanning salon was almost bare but idyllic. When I visited, the empty floor was covered in murals of migrants - Hans Likvig, Adolfo Diefhof, Andres Arzak and Tatiana Petrie.
I was told that various "locals" were plotting plans to take part in a future European summit. "Everything is in the language," I was told. "The duration of the meeting is two days, and you will watch it every few minutes or so." It's hard to believe, but a "European commission", led by Alexander Haig, the EU's chief commissioner in charge of human rights, is about to start reaching out to those who, increasingly, appear to be fleeing Europe.
ANNII-GERMAN AND EISENKA
My experience is simply mind-blowing. This is the modern version of Berlin, when artists and architects were given a conference at the prestigious A.G. Rusanov Art Gallery, and their speeches in the corridors of the administrative block. A lecture by Edward D Duryea was featured in the programme.
In the pocket of their sightseers, there are references to the atavistic chambers. This is a treatment of the city itself, from the self-administered one where hordes of M40 tanks zoom by, to the "hermitage" corridors of its semi-arid lakeside piers which are now permanently jostled by boats and fog and reflectors. Unlike the A or C, which have just maintained the peace across most of Europe, today a municipality of the size of Portugal rules over the Czech Republic and Slovakia, for example, where it can eject migrants at its gleaming public terminals.
INTOUST: ONCE CONUNDRUMED
From the conference centre, there is a pizza with slice before it is tossed by a trainer. There is a new park in the riverbank which adds swimming pools which will also be used by refugees or migrants from Syria or other parts of the world.
When I finally reached Oslo airport, without waiting for instructions to proceed, I got a sandwich - sweet as strawberries with some cider in their shells. "How do you want to send off your kids for a few days in a submarine?" I asked my wife. Her response was rather dour and possibly animated.

>>> COSINE: 0.030869858817988226

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7dhhky/cmv_there_is_no_biblical_reason_to_oppose_gay/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The Biblical arguments I have heard against gay marriage go something like this: certain passages in Leviticus are quoted, pointing out that under the Old Testament law, homosexual acts were punishable by death certain New Testament passages are pointed out, for example, where Paul explains that because societies forget God, he gives them up to "unnatural acts" for example, homosexual sex. My point of view: this is not a sufficient argument to show that one should oppose changes in the legal definition of marriage, even if one accepts that homosexual acts are condemned. My reasons: The questions "should I allow myself to do X" and "should I allow others to do X" are separate moral questions. The Bible often draws this distinction - in fact, Christians who feel compelled for religious reasons to impose dietary restrictions on themselves are explicitly warned not to try to impose them on others. It does not automatically follow, even if you are certain that gay sex is wrong, that it is your personal mission to prevent others from engaging in it. The questions "Should I allow other Christians to do X" and "Should I allow unbelievers to do X" are, in Biblical ethics, separate moral questions.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The rise of the 'charter' option was behind the ultra poor "urban divide" in Spain Read more
If students in Spain don't live in cities more than 25 miles from where students in the poorest neighborhoods live, Britain has a very different picture.
There is a new standard to solve the island's poverty: One rather flat city with radically different citizens is an archipelago of overseas students. Here again the gains of 16 million residents made in the last decade are quickly forgotten.
There are simply too many socialists living in Britain, whose remoteness is already causing a carbon tax, but some Marxist jingoism afoot. For example, the EU was never supposed to allow British citizens to enter Spain to study overseas and now attempts to do so can't be stopped in Spain.
The hidden wealth of the UK came to light after a Spanish student specialised in investigative journalism revealed a "tyranny of touch" and claimed the banks were using their private holiday money to obscure the welfare costs of students.
Socialist militants in Spain would do well to be included in the discussion here as they as well. It is often easy to pretend the EU is unravelling, given how it always handles negotiations and is therefore never coherent in Brexit-bashing. I may not have hidden the fact, but the rise of the "charter" option saw the emergence of the economically worse in Spain.
This is ironic because it is all starting to arrive since a year ago with no end in sight to Britons' appalling behavior. The battle for power is on with the international community. I have been a neoliberal economist for several years, and would like to see the wages of Spain's working class returned to proportional distribution of wealth. But the coalition government seems determined to address the absolute needs of the poorest and make it harder for immigrants to make and move.
At the same time there are riots, of which there have been many, now spreading across parts of the capital Madrid.

>>> COSINE: 0.055888359624221125

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9mht9v/same_sex_marriage_is_not_real_marriage/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I was raised as a Christian conservative. Also, I'm not some backwoods hillbilly that has never been exposed to alternate lifestyles. I'm a well educated faculty member at one of the top tier academic institutions in my area (and get exposed to all sorts of people with different backgrounds as a result). I have always been taught that marriage is between one man and one woman as God intended. I do not hate gay people at all. I have met some pretty awesome gay people before. What I hate is the attempt to place same sex marriage and traditional marriage on the same level as if they are the same thing. They aren't. I also don't agree with the argument that "everyone should have the right to marry who they love". No. You don't have that right. Love is only one factor in marriage. It isn't the only factor. Just because a 15 year old high school student and their teacher fall in love doesn't give them the right to marry. I'm also sure there are weirdos out there who fall in love with a family member. That doesn't give them the right to get married. Marriage is about love, yes.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: We can confirm PSG’s mass recruitment is giving the FA things to think about. Spurs are way off top in the race for Champions League football.
The mindsets of the new owners, Newell’s Old Boys, should have been handled better if the club had closed within eight minutes of going to the top of the Premier League last season.
Nevertheless, we have to say the Turf Moor newcomers are should have given the club impetus, if not, then at least given it some money to spend.
Plenty could have gone wrong, and I won’t make a bet that one of the new owners would throw the cash as close to the target of £150m when he announced a £37m buyout for Togo on Tuesday evening.
It’s a very disappointing time for one of Manchester City’s many butler-style signings.
The midfield distribution at the back, with the likes of Mario Mandzukic and Marcus Rashford always at their best, has not been off the mark in qualifying for the Champions League.
If there are weaknesses, they are those which Wenger has tried to highlight to the PL. That applies here too, though it seems the central players have all moved quickly in the last three months.
At the heart of the problem are the trio of central midfielders who are only two minutes away from the Cypriot final in April. I’d expect that to be tackled in the next match when both Arsenal and West Ham meet in front of over 300,000 fans at the Emirates.
But all of these players are in the same profile with no flash or ‘Mashed Bright’ ability, and they are obvious at different distances.
We suspect that the ‘Body’s on fire’ side of Arsenal’s midfield is also partially to blame for the lack of chances resulting from the current glut of creativity and ambition.
Some fresh blood also has been needed to bring in ‘Golden Boy’ Scott Parker as the driving force behind a quartet of forwards which could all be pivotal to an ambitious international campaign.
It seems the board are not going to bid beyond the Serie A group stage and might soon relish the chance to tempt the likes of Ross Barkley, Sead Kolasinac and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain back into the fold.
Back at central midfield, the GJ Laedid has made the leap to the midfield and to the left, and it’s working for him. Five goals and 17 assists in 31 games for Italy for Everton is a league to have bettered in recent seasons.
But it’s more than just a blip on the radar, and there is nothing to worry about.
I think the current regime would be right in saying they are pushing hard to change direction this year after missing last term with a deficit of 17 points. I know it’s hard to hear them saying ‘Go forwards’ but I suspect they would not be readjusting to the 2018/19 campaign any time soon.
Despite the problems we have seen coming, we are back in the Champions League, and Chelsea in the West Ham dressing room.
And what the FA are right about is just how much the playing staff at all clubs are enjoying a much faster pace.
That is true as far as European football is concerned, though at the moment it seems more to mean raising the pitch levels and challenging for cleats and seats rather than improving the draw.
The only bonus could be the signing of a third striker now after previously signing Ragnar Klavan from Montpellier in the summer.
There is still a huge sum to be made of available, but it is clear that Liverpool have their fair share of cash to spend in the future.
As a result, the FA will not be paying out the big money-spenders when they are there, and they will get all they have to when they are there, as they have done in the past.
And they should have sent Sir Alex Ferguson and hepticipate a long goodbye at the end of the season by making it harder for them to exert more control over their decisions.
I hope that such a move can be concluded soon, because it is beyond anyone’s control.
Shakespeare at Chelsea. Photo: Lee Wilson/Action Images

>>> COSINE: 0.09422535927041001

>>> URL: usasupreme.com/father-train-asking-gang-stop-smoking/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Many of us have become inured to the presence of violence. Its ubiquity in the news and, for some of us, in our own neighborhoods has numbed us to the shock of this largely preventable condition. The video below offers a sobering reminder of the reality of the costs of violence–financial, human, physical and emotional. We have a violence problem in America. But not from real Americans who are patriots and love their country, usually the violence is conducted by some low scums and thugs who should have their citizenships removed! Kennan Jones was the latest victim of a behavior like this he was attacked by a black gang on Sunday as they rode towards Deep Ellum in Dallas, Texas. He had asked them to stop smoking marijuana on the Dallas Area Rapid Transit train. The group included young men and women who punched him and threw him against the train’s doors before arriving at the station. Some of them pushed off the handle poles to kick Jones from the air. A fellow passenger filmed the attack and shared the footage with DFW, CBS’s local station in Texas. In the video, at least one other passenger tries to intervene but it slapped away.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: As more and more and more folks start trusting Apple’s latest iPhone, they’re beginning to see it as a risk that isn’t actually worth it, and we need to get our fix.
With the January 19 anniversary of the iPhone 7 at the top of mind, two important policy moves were quickly followed by repeated overloading announcements, also confirming a number of similar plans with the iPhone 7 release date next year.
First, Apple announced plans to introduce a phone similar to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus – code-named
A5700Z. This would replace the iPhone 7 with a new form factor and lower power consumption. It’s hard to argue that the iPhone 7 doesn’t mark a significant shift from the iPhone 7.
(As the biggest name in the current iPhone range, it appears to have opted for the envelope wider with that release. What this means is that fewer space for the display on top of the device itself – and more battery is expected to be achieved by the updated A5700Z).
A5700Z isn’t the first iPhone 7 or 7 Plus device to offer a higher power consumption profile. Many older models also attempted to make use of several low-power features of a lower-power phone such as slim speakers or optional hard drives.
Apple also introduced a new variant of the iPhone called the A5600Z, which retains an eight core GPU, 1GB of RAM, and a 5.6-inch screen. While the A5600Z still gives Apple a very powerful processor, this will likely come across as slicker in appearance.
On the downside, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus aren’t the only phone on the market that uses a low-power processor, even if one does use up as much battery capacity as the A5600Z, which will likely negate any wireless claims about the overall performance boost.
According to an August 2 article by the LA Times, an LCD battery inside the A5600Z is only 25% smaller than the typical iPhone. In terms of cellular capacity, it’s in the 60Gbps range. That’s not fast enough to warrant a sub-40Gbps handset, so the A5600Z may start replacing the phones sold at Verizon, AT&T and Sprint in markets where carriers currently offer faster smartphone and network connectivity.
The LTE band that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus can’t connect to is not yet available.
Yet despite all the buildup, even Apple’s most ardent supporters should take heart that the company’s plan to introduce a new smartphone is not half bad or even terrifying. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are both very similar, though what is expected in the iPhone 7 is the same as it was on the first iPhone 8, but in the same as the iPhone 7 7 Plus, and a much larger version of that could end up being the iPhone 7 Plus.

>>> COSINE: 0.009488730916501022

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: Take as many facts as you can to talk with a friend.
Confirmation is not something to be lectured about.
The truth is.
There is nothing to it.
The truth is facts do not matter.
The truth is.
Responsibility for a morass of other ones in the cycle is not the same thing as carrying the burden of facts.
The forces that determine the way things will get done in society do not matter. That is the source of all complexity.
Since long before Plato invented said matter, he thought there were two ends of the universe in which “truth and statistics” resided.
“Truth” seems an oxymoron. It is essential to explain to readers what is really going on in your life and vice versa. So let’s move back to the “Mind of Truth” and its relation to both science and law.
What is Truth?
Our world view is based on widespread misunderstanding of what is truly going on in our lives. Everyone does not believe that everyone who uses the scientific method to make a positive difference in our lives is solely responsible for, nor is it inevitable that people who are at the forefront of scientific thinking who happen to share their minds will continue to be skeptical and answer “no.”
Conscience and reality cannot coexist in complicated ways. It needs to be understood, recognized and justified in light of people whose beliefs, based on current realities, do not match their views. They are our servants.
The dark side is not represented by the natural sciences as a whole, but by people who think in retrospect that truth is true but could not really say so. Our information is incomplete, confusing and contradictory.
Other human beings know what we know and from this information we learn that others do not and that people who believe that truth are often accomplices. This is not true, either. People who have a belief system based on fact, understanding and potentially using scientific methods to prove the value of information will actually fail to protect us from the raw evidence inherent in the information they carry. If they can’t understand facts correctly, they probably will fail to understand evidence and this leads to their failure.
The more time and effort and effort we make to change our minds, the more we will realize that it is very much in the utility of knowledge to do things that are good and well for the health of the human race.
There is nothing to it, neither to being worried about matters of nature or psychology as whole.
As we speak, data are hard to come by. In fact it is quite difficult for scientists to gather all the data that are needed to make accurate, accurate and informative new explanations of what is going on in our lives. Things do seem to be creeping closer and closer to getting there.
Disappointment and pessimism consume everything, even truth. Life expectancy is skyrocketing, suicide rate is increasing and children with disabilities are at an unprecedented rate.
If science and information are to know what is going on in our lives, we must use those facts and facts to represent the facts and to develop a framework to explain our lives.

>>> COSINE: 0.05364083990111168

>>> URL: foxnews.com/health/marijuana-legalization-illinois-michigan-midwest
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The recreational market selling marijuana is coming to the Midwestern states, and the expensive, challenging industry is bringing a patchwork of legal and cultural snares. The start of legal sales in Michigan on Dec. 1 and in Illinois on Jan. 1 brings a climate to the Midwest where some neighboring states allow limited marijuana use for medical purposes. But, none other has moved to permit recreational use. Officials have been renewing warnings against the dangers of “canna-tourism” and carrying marijuana products over state lines, The Associated Press reported. In Michigan, where $4.7 million of recreational marijuana was sold in the first three weeks of December, regulators said they did not know how much was bought by out-of-state customers. But, many shop owners said business has been brisk, particularly from neighboring Ohio and Indiana and nearby Illinois. “There’s been people from all over,” said Bart Kupczyk, a co-owner and director of retail at Ann Arbor-based Greenstone Provisions, one of 23 Michigan retailers licensed for adult-use recreational sales. “Ann Arbor is close to Ohio. It’s a destination city in its own right as a fairly well-known college town.” Some 45 miles to the south in Morenci, a town of 2,100 people along the Ohio border, a dispensary has reported that a majority of its customers hailed from Ohio, where only medical marijuana has been legal.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: A very small win seems like a winner at the local level.
Tim McManus, Greensboro, NC.
In a score of 44-16, the Greensboro/Raleigh Lady Panthers (4-0) beat Charleston Southern 39-28 on Saturday afternoon at Curtis High School.
The game was ranked by the AP and BCI and the Pointers, and a victory would put the Panthers one point behind first-place ULM in the Coastal Division.
"South Carolina is the No. 1 team in the Coastal Division and we have the ability to beat them,” interim coach Joshua Murray said after the game. “We have the outside shot. We have had success against Charleston Southern and us, and it’s amazing to go toe-to-toe with them. It’s an amazing atmosphere in Southern City.”
With the win, Greensboro/Raleigh were the only local team to score more than four points this season.
Game over
In the first half, a shot from Charlotte’s Brittney Gilbert set up a handoff for the Lady Panthers to the Greensboro/Raleigh 33-18 lead.
“Georgia and Georgia have the capabilities to shoot with us,” Lee Travis, who caught a 36-yard jump shot, said. “We just had to keep it real at that point. I just gave up a little open look.”
Charlotte opened the second half with a possession. She converted a 6-yard pass from Kaye Darlow to Direz on a 23-yard run.
Georgia answered with a 5-yard run by Darnell Williams.
De’Urick Engram carried the ball 14 times for 163 yards and ran for 54 yards in the game. He caught seven passes for 173 yards and a touchdown.
Up next
South Carolina wraps up its trip to Georgia on Monday with an important game against Clemson in Chapel Hill.
The Gamecocks (1-2) return to action after a break on Dec. 23 after undergoing surgery on Oct. 20 to remove two large blood vessels in their legs.
Hines Ward added 52 yards and a touchdown rushing on 17 carries.
En route to his 45-yard TD rushing and return, Donnell Ferrell had seven carries for 89 yards, two touchdowns and an interception.
Drake Tyler caught a 60-yard touchdown pass from Darnell Williams to extend the lead to 36-0 on a 5-yard run early in the second quarter.
Two touchdowns by Durrell Joseph and two more by Davin Armstead helped close out the quarter.
De’Urick Engram and Jalen Lewis scored on touchdown runs in the fourth quarter to also give the Gamecocks a 36-0 lead.
Hunter Whistler added a 20-yard TD run in the fourth quarter to give South Carolina a 41-0 halftime lead.
The Gamecocks also earned a 3-0 record against Alabama, and a win on Saturday was also needed against Clemson, the No. 2 Crimson Tide.

>>> COSINE: 0.05087176130796335

>>> URL: nytimes.com/2019/03/17/us/politics/marijuana-legalize-democrats.html
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: People in Colorado still remember John Hickenlooper’s crack after the state legalized marijuana, a move he opposed: “Don’t break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly.” But Mr. Hickenlooper, the governor at the time of the 2012 initiative allowing recreational use of cannabis, eventually changed his mind. He acknowledged that fears of increased use by children did not materialize, and he boasted of the tax revenues for social programs that regulated sales delivered. Entering the Democratic presidential race this month, Mr. Hickenlooper joined a field already jammed with pro-legalization candidates, a reflection of swiftly changing public opinion since Colorado became one of the first of 10 states with legal recreational marijuana. The issue today is a pillar of progressive politics, but not because of graying hippies who like their Rocky Mountain High. Rather, for many Democrats, legalization has become a litmus test for candidates’ commitment to equal treatment for all races in policing and criminal justice as well as fighting economic inequality. “A Democrat who is not on board with legalization or addressing it in terms of repairing harms brought by prohibition for decades is going to have a tough time convincing any voter they’re serious about racial justice,” said Vincent M.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Editor’s note: The words read as follows from the press release:
The 46th founding wedding of the Rocky Mountains Historical Society of New York was on Saturday afternoon. The ceremony in Rocky Mountain Commons was a beautiful affair with the welcome of hundreds of faithful and extraordinary guests at the annual event. The wedding took place in a spot barely a foot off the road. The RNS Historic Inn, next to Old Port, was filled with calm, happy and loyal service providers, who paid outstanding respects to everyone in attendance. As this is the wedding anniversary of a person like Benny Laurelton, lovingly credited as “the first Jewish rabbi,” the leadership of the historic organization was recognized with the New York State Order of Merit. A Charleston, South Carolina, bar where Benny Laurelton lived, showed visitors the moment by moment and the history and teachings of his wife. They spoke about “the meaning and importance of Judaism,” a story which resonated with the audience for the full 12 hours. This amazing event took place on January 11, 1917, just a mile off Old Port, so it was a perfect atmosphere to share memories and to renew acquaintances and so much felt coming to visit.
Share a photo of the candlelight procession and its beautiful, beautiful invocation. Tell the bride about your event and the day of its creation and commemorate the wedding with a special candlelight ceremony and a blessing. #jac>sh 10:30 am
Take a Stroll. The 100th Vintage Museum opens on April 3 (Stroll organizers are fantastic at finding great museums and historical sites in Manhattan, but it’s always pretty easy to find the latest gothic-era art right in front of your house and include a double photo of the anniversary in their gallery or in their hallway. Many places across the borough are taking over the space for their art collections (Bridget Rees puts together the archives in Lafayette Park, as well as displaying an impressive collection of impressive City of New York City curated and restored by the Village Sun Art Archives) which will be stacked in at the LIRR station throughout the entire week.
Find a local architect or an artists exhibit (there is also plenty of space at the Midtown Terminal). The New York Yankees Museum is in Bushwick, NY, just off the 59th avenue in Bushwick. The Rockaways Village Museum shows them over the winter months. There is also a great tour of Brooklyn, in which visitors can pick out wall hangings from 19th-century storefronts. Find out more about Coney Island, the Manhattan Museum, the Museum of Pomegranates and bike-riding in Brooklyn Heights. And, with space available in the Meerut Museum, a live music venue, and space available in the Bridge City Safeway, Eastern Market and other boroughs, look for restoration of the 1927 Broadway Broadway.
Check Out These Other Stories From New York City Partying Blogs
Archives Archives Select Month February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005
Sites of Interest
Most Commented Posts (7 or 8 days)

>>> COSINE: 0.025873765629708674

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/aowh26/cmv_marijuana_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: So my glorious senator from my home state Ron Wyden has introduced a bill to legalize marijuana in America. Although I doubt it will actually get passed I think that it ought to. Here are my reasons for why it ought to be legalized: It was made illegal in the first place due to racist fear-mongering and stories made up by people who are clearly ignorant of marijuana and it's effects (i.e. Reefer Madness) Although this is sort of a separate issue, the designation of marijuana as a Schedule I drug is absurd, especially when you look at how other illicit drugs are classified. By definition, Schedule I drugs, are defined as drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. The first point is false, marijuana has some medicinal usages such as helping with pain or appetite in cancer patients. Does marijuana have a high potential for abuse? Well, it certainty has a potential for abuse, but is it really worse than meth, cocaine, or fentanyl (which btw are all Schedule II)? I'm well aware that marijuana is not a harmless drug, but look at alcohol and tobacco which are both legal and significantly worse for you than marijuana is.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 2 years old
Leaked trailer reveals vast swathes of the country's map
A US MP has disclosed the intelligence methods used in mass surveillance of American citizens, amid criticism that UK-led global surveillance programmes are indiscriminate.
The agent of Arizona and Virginia lawmakers in January asked residents if they knew about sophisticated – and even life-threatening – ground surveillance programmes.
On Thursday, US Attorney General Jeff Sessions, told a Senate intelligence committee that officials had already been investigating suspicious “electronic surveillance”.
This footage has been released, focusing on the group surveillance system secret in the US and shared with secret partners abroad.
It shows US diplomats in Belgium, Tanzania, Saudi Arabia, Kenya, Uganda, Uganda, Rwanda, Uganda, Turkey, and Norway monitoring and conducting surveillance without getting off the ground.
Last month, Philip Morris International, the tobacco giant Britain’s largest employer, said it believed the program was “safe and effective”.
Before 2 January, a team of US citizen consultants testified about a systematic – but secret – FBI-and CIA-led programme.
Washington suspects the programme collected details of US citizens’ mental health and biometric information, which was held back from others under the "security risk" doctrine.
US documents show that since 2 January there have been 78 investigations, three FBI-investigated and, most controversially, five mounted in Russia.
Sources inside and outside the US state department told this week that US intelligence agencies were working on a secret, approved surveillance programme for the purposes of legally gathering information on Americans and holding it hostage.
Trump abandons initiative to end US surveillance Read more
They said the system was used by US state departments, intelligence agencies and intelligence services to collect intelligence on people and small segments of the US population, who currently count as national security.
The programme was originally called "Electronic Surveillance", which allows access to sensitive documents on anybody without a warrant and to wiretap individual conversations and telephone calls.
The program is now calling for a “National Security Clearance” to monitor communications or emails for the intelligence authorities – former recipients of the program.
Hana Segura, US assistant attorney general for public prosecutions, said the anti-terrorism program would not stop unless the person who collected the intelligence was dropped from the payroll or given a visa.
She said: “No one under federal law should be singled out for surveillance. If the social democratic agenda of the United States is only to influence elections, we are on the wrong track.”
On Wednesday, the Washington Post reported that staff at a FBI counter-intelligence centre and the department’s computer bureau did not find evidence linking American citizens with the “electronic surveillance” programme.
Lindsey Graham (R) of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee sits on a committee to investigate anti-terrorism surveillance in the US government. "I think we need an investigation to confirm that these electronic programs are actually unlawful," he said in an interview with the Washington Post.
He said the US “only makes matters worse” when it has to dig up “no traceable information on every non-specific person”.
Trump re-wires the inquiry, but Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Thursday there was no opportunity to take any action.
Asked what else he would have done with the classified collection, Donald Trump told NBC News on Friday, “It’s fine”.
US-held files show that international co-operation on national security matters is rife, said Alexander Haig, a former US defence official who currently serves as head of the US Counterterrorism Centre.
But while Trump appears to have the correct perspective on tapping people he has no authority to investigate, Haig said Trump’s position was somewhat irrelevant.
“In general, there’s a split in the president’s view,” he said. “If [no one supports] the FISA prerogative, that’s fine, and Trump is saying the investigation will go on – well, of course the NSA, you know, they take charge of it,” he said.
Another US intelligence source told the Guardian that government surveillance programmes are designed to reduce the ability of law enforcement to see – or not see – any contact or information of American citizens.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get exclusive Guardian Crime and Delancey alerts.
• Join the security community – email crime@theguardian.com

>>> COSINE: 0.03153837654008531

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ac7y3q/cmv_cannabis_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: So here is my opinion on the legalization of Cannabis: It's prohibition was not justified. After the failure of the alcohol prohibition in the states, government officials needed a new enemy: Cannabis. After picking the only negative opinion of a scientist, they proposed it to the Un and they actually agreed (obviously, this is a very simple version of it). Countries like Germany protested but were silenced through it's pharma industry lobbyists, as they saw a danger in this drug making some of their products obsolete. Cannabis can be used as a painkiller, to calm people with behavioral syndromes and some claim even against other diseases. Although it is legalized for medical purposes in some countries, supply is low and the prices ridiculous, as insurances won't pay for it. Cannabis is less harmful than Alcohol and Nicotine. The only risks of consuming it are a psychosis (I'll adress these again) or damaging your lung through smoking (minimized by vaping or edibles). When you're high you drive better and calmer than when you're drunk (driving while high should still be illegal). It destroys a branch of the black market, as people can just buy it (btw. governments can earn millions through taxes).
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Twitter has created a new step-free sex app for Android and iOS users.
You can choose a new friends and a free insta-question test that’s built into the app.
If you’re just starting a new relationship, you can throw in the new offer by clicking on the option next to the picture of the kissing next to a vibrating doll.
Select my desired friend, whether you are in a very exclusive bedroom with a girl and a boy or when you’re casually out at a music festival or in New York City.
Tap ‘X’ and a friend will be notified by a series of questions that are designed to uncover the special abilities of your newly-engaged friend. There are no fewer than eight ways to skip the ‘X’ question and more than any other for a super easy method.
And remember – it’s not fun to avoid inputting a question that seems there may be a way to ‘X’ the person you’re dating next to you.

>>> COSINE: 0.03891787187452536

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/8spy7n/marijuana_should_not_be_legalized_for/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: When I was younger, I was the textbook "young libertarian" who hated anything the government did to restrict even the most insignificant freedom. But as I became older, I began to realize more and more that "intrusive" government regulation is nessicary, not only to protect people from people from themselves, but also to maintain a functional society. There are a couple of reasons why I dislike Marijuana, and none of them are very major, but when they are all considered together, I think they make a compelling argument. Safety. I'm going to cheat on this one a little. The jury is still out on the effects of marijuana on cognitive development, and there is debate on wheater the act of smoking can cause lung issues. What can be safely said though is that smoking Marijuana isn't particularly healthy. At least not compared to other things you could be spending your time and money on. Another aspect to consider is DUI and other hazards caused by impairment. Our society already has a major problem with drunk driving, so why add high driving into the mixture? The real hazard here comes from how quickly Marijuana acts on the nervous system. While it usually takes 2-3 beers to cause significant impairment, a single hit from a joint is enough to impair most people.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This week’s lessons should seem minor, but look at this week’s stories
• SUNDAY SUNDAY brings you the latest in motorways around UK roads. This week brings you the latest in activity on the motorways.
• ORANGE RIVER – “Why climb Santa’s sleigh?” says the guardian of the subterranean lorry that rolls through the South River, this BBC crew is keen to offer their expertise on that. But the real stars may well be in the skies rather than the drop itself.
• The Sunday Mail reports on the vanishing £7,000 stowaways, while the Express newspaper have a clue on how to put your money where your mouth is when it comes to the taxpayer debt: “Fuel-skipping is cheap.” Or, as the Express notes, “monopoly snobs might consider the use of electric curtains to trap you with overhead wires.”
• LAUGHING off aeroplanes and whatnot may have helped catch up with the London Stock Exchange. UK stocks closed 0.9 per cent higher on Monday, with rival British Oil being praised for its efforts to cut off his eyesight.
• INSTANTS – “It was time to appoint a manager in an auto mechanic.” In the Channel 4 drama x-Factor, singer Stephen Berry’s trio – Nadia Harris, Tyla Jaye and Missanna Winter – came out on top after three hour long episodes. The opener explained: “I watched the VT [one-woman concert] on a cinema screen in the small East London building, a theatre in Salford, where the directors would sit up and take their seats. It was magic.” In the first episode, the epically ticklish Freddie Greene played the pair’s five-year marriage, only to be replaced by Christopher O’Neill.
• DIGESTISIES – Looking for a weekend to spend this summer in Northern Ireland? Do you have a DIGESTY specialist to look out for? Look for the Thames crossing with these answers from John Watters, at the website Digestoris.

>>> COSINE: 0.02902369416702993

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9v73vf/unpopular_opinion_legalization_of_marijuana/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I think it's just plain dumb. Dont get me wrong, medicinal marijuana to help aid people who have chronic pain or terminal illnesses is fine. It helps them cope with their condition and, because their illness is terminal, won't affect them later in life. But I feel different about recreational use. I understand a lot of the viewpoints supporting it. It's wrong to persecute and imprison people, especially of color over non violent drug offenses. At the same time, however, a crime is a crime. Knowingly selling and distributing drugs is illegal. I think, perhaps instead, they get fined. But I digress. Marijuana has some serious side effects. Its linked to development problems, cancers and ect. It's basically making a new, potentially more addictive cigarette available to the market. Obviously, normal cigarettes are declining in popularity, but juuling and marijuana use is increasing. This, I fear, will cause another generation of people who will die young and regret ever smoking. Not only this, cigarettes and addictions are costly, and making marijuana legal will just make it easier for people to drain their income. Marijuana is also linked to disorders which cause people to be less active and less willing to work.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: • New BBC show, Buster, shot on London's West End
BBC One new sitcom, Buster, looks beyond the “Tiny Tops” and the logical Genius stuff. The story goes that when an ageing comic son dies, he finds an especially catchy throwaway pun. Brilliant. The other sitcom, Joey, shows the inevitable clips of old Tony-style jokes and occasionally a winning streak for Buster. And the springboard to the latest Ryan Lewis version, Battle of the Sexes, which echoes the unholy ugliness of the old Coen brothers arouith lack of sweat on a Strictly Come Dancing lesson.
• What characters? What stories? Who else does the television industry need? • The Doctor Who team? What seems the new take on the Doctor? • Who started? What to make of Season 8? • Who will be playing Amy Pond? • Where are the new shows? • These are the TV code words for 2019, and will be in your inbox till midnight on 14 November, and we’ll touch on everything!

>>> COSINE: 0.04022409138923945

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/902dof/cmv_marijuana_shouldnt_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I’m serious. Weed is especially destructive in teenagers’ brains. It leads to less grey matter, more disorganized white matter, working memory and attention deficiencies, and a loss of IQ points (Current Addiction Reports). And legalization makes it easier for teens to acquire; while Colorado has not seen an overall change in teen use since legalization, legalization of medical pot made it more easily accessible for teens. Monitoring the Future also proved that alcohol and marijuana, which are legal and quasi-legal in our society, are far more accessible to teens than hard drugs like heroin and meth, which debunks the myth that simply regulating it will decrease teen usage. It’s similar regarding traffic and the roads. A study from Nova Scotia found that driving under the influence of marijuana doubles the risk of a serious or fatal car accident. Another study found that marijuana-related traffic fatalities tripled from 1999-2010. And that sure has manifested where weed has become legal. In Washington State, traffic fatalities where the driver tested positive for THC doubled after legalization. In Denver, CO, the same occurred, according to data. Many like to point to how alcohol is far more dangerous and how Prohibition was ineffective. Alcohol has been used by Western culture for thousands of years before we were aware of harmful effects.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This column dates to 1515 AD and my first taste of football came at European Cup Winners' Cup – complete with nominations
Up to 10,000 of us Christian fans took part in international football tournaments across Europe – let alone seven of the 15,000-plus that watched it live. Dictatorships too: that's the stuff of the 'True History' – as it happened.
Jilted bride and father of soldier killed by US marines in Somalia? Now we can relate. Far from Harry and Meghan – who went in search of German treasure and won, right?
The UK last week joined Australia in Liverpool’s Boeing 101A Beechcraft Asphalt 75 for a headline appearance.
When he got to the flight deck, Prince Harry threw me an olive branch – but me “me”. Not an intentional insult to a grown man who was deliberately letting attention slip when he was about to enter the plane with a lance in one hand and a paintball gun in the other. The flight crew posted a picture of him facing us on a computer screen. He demanded that I take the same.
Next came We Bought a Zoo for $35m and it seemed the kind of dipshit pigs baying for scraps all the while. When our fake caddie pulled the DJ from the live feed, we could hear tracks ranging from 007 to the Talking Heads for cash.
Kanye West greeted us on his Instagram, writing a heart-warming plea about addressing problems his people had in their world, that made us think: "It’s ok I sound like a fat kid but at least I can do it." And when one of my kids was killed in a car crash, he commented: "Look at me, I know it wasn’t your fault, or worse I should have paid him, but I f***ed it off.")
I was handed to Mario Balotelli, who’d accepted the £40,000 winner-takes-all prize for his stunning debut and assured me he’d keep in touch with his caddie – but he also took the chance to have a hug or two with a whole load of missus-and-children montages.
It looked like I might play soccer with kids – bad grammar, the baby-making bubble and one secret handshake.
Around that time, I had a chance to explain my president to a Jerusalem synagogue. It was the 10th anniversary of death of The Zionist Federation, when my boys were four, and it was the last time they had heard about the Jewish court. An invitation for me to play at the league match gave me the first appearance at the game.
My conscience told me something, but nothing seemed to interest me that I’d actually participated. Still, I did ask a priest how a religious conference could exclude weddings, but the priest refused, rather than asking how JJC hadn’t really planned a wedding – so the couple received a picture of me with the rabbi, Muhammad al-Goma, and a vial of divine retribution. I turned around to ask a random priest, but he refused. He grew increasingly angry when I got the chance to deliver a lecture.
I arranged to pick a taxi with a slew of red lettering – and thankfully my fellow drivers were more reasonable. I interviewed a relative with a gaping hip problem and was amazed when a young man – going through the motions – said: “You can’t breathe.”
Eventually, the driver offered to supply the taxi, but the young man begged for mercy, demanding he give up that next challenge. The words on the driver’s badge: “Believe me, I’m not angry at you, we are brothers. You've been raised with a very proud father. Now I’m willing to sacrifice everything that is good and think big for him.” The answer he gave was “it's the Muslim people who raise us up, not the Jews”.
Unlike all the people I spoke to, my guidance did not influence me on race relations in a big way. When someone asked me if I was Muslim, I was told they could be but I would not be.
Another incident was when I asked a young Egyptian immigrant about the alleged murder of 14-year-old Miriam David, who was beaten to death by an Arab gang in Damascus, 2013. I had never been to the cinema, but the young men said they had treated her like a human. She was screaming and her father ran for the telly, but the TV feed cut out. The story is still unfolding, and over the next several years it will be written with the wave of relief I have been waiting for.

>>> COSINE: 0.056327062371001116

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: When the sun rises above Jupiter, and cooler and brighter sky, it can very well be a blessing for solar stars
The sun is the best thing you can have, ever. On the whole, it’s a huge blessing for our solar system, but when the sun rises above Jupiter it can very well be a blessing for solar stars.
On average, the brightness of Jupiter rises about four seconds before you reach the dark sky, but the morning sun cannot take as long to go dark. However, it is a good reminder that when the sun shines above Jupiter, and cooler and brighter sky, it can very well be a blessing for solar stars. A new study finds this can also cause “unusual” interactions between the stars, allowing better views.
For example, once you've passed through a blue bubble in the gas planet, you’ll not see much of the heat from the sun because you could just see Earth stick into its bubble. However, when you’ve passed through a red bubble, and the atmosphere around you doesn’t change quite as much, you’ll see a super bright glow – even on Venus – that blows out at your eye.
Why is this amazing?
The meteors that often get the biggest spikes in brightness are from space, but the sun also appears to have a new characteristic.
To take advantage of this, sun craters tend to arrive 10 years ahead of the normal pace of each other – so the bright flares look like squirts of sparks which can be seen from space.
However, the entire sky can see absolutely no firecrackers. In fact, the entire sky looks like a “firework floor” at the moment. Just watch out for the red bubbles as the sun is still constantly moving.
Why is this amazing?
Without knowing this potential source of magical powers, only a tiny group of astronomers have come up with an answer. Larger telescopes have been able to spot much larger sun craters in “absurdly spaced” locations. These craters are comprised of clusters of tiny stars, but they can easily be separated and enlarged by objects that are taller than the other stars.
One might consider it ironic that in our only major solar system, this is one of the main things scientists have to watch out for. Meteoroids that serve the greatest purpose have been shot out from space on "possible missions" and sent into oblivion.
Is this a classic example of science fiction?
Perpendicular luminosity from the red glow of the star the sun shines even when a red bubble is crashing into Earth, like a cliff-dwelling shepherd chasing his sheep in the dark. So it’s always there for an extra 20 or 30 years.
However, there are some early findings from this Hubble Space Telescope in which the sun creates interesting X-rays – even if only momentarily. When the latest Hubble observations of the star Mercury and Venus on a particular evening, the star itself was red, but not blue at the time. So there’s been no detailed evidence of the sun’s “nonstandard” X-ray emission, which has made a life-saving impact on Mercury’s retina. If we were to look at Mercury’s supposedly secret magnetic fields directly, the star would appear blue even when it doesn’t. It also doesn’t play the role of a planet, unlike most rocks on Earth.
Afterwards, the moment a solar flare occurs, it will get so busy, that the backgrounder must keep looking for any sign of a red front. This person will need to look around the sky to see what we can see, but is that really important?
On October 16, the team from the UK’s Long Dunes Observatory in Montana will release a much better picture than they initially imagined. In the wake of this, they will publish a study together, as the high strength, high arc, and low strength properties of the sun can be harnessed to help illuminate the sky, offer us the greatest illumination around the universe.
Although most telescopes will not be able to be used for this study due to high expectations for itself, the story is a fascinating one.
Enjoyed this article? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter. Subscribe now!

>>> COSINE: 0.053863403919970854

