>>> URL: usasupreme.com/belfast-christian-bakers-sued-not-making-gay-marriage-cake/
>>> TITLE: Belfast Christian Bakers Sued For Not Making Gay Marriage Cake
>>> TEXT: No one should be forced into making anything or doing anything against their beliefs! Sadly, Christian bakers Daniel and Amy McArthur from Northern Ireland were taken to court when they refused to make a cake for a gay wedding with a gay marriage slogan. The owners of Belfast-based Ashers Bakery declined an order placed by gay activist Gareth Lee for a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan, claiming the message was inconsistent with their deeply held religious beliefs. Through the legal proceedings, Asher’s manager Daniel McArthur insisted Mr. Lee’s sexuality was never an issue, rather the message he wanted the bakery to create. If equality law means people can be punished for politely refusing to support other people’s causes, then equality law needs to change,”-Mr. McArthur said. This ruling undermines democratic freedom. It undermines religious freedom. It undermines free speech. He added: What we refused to do was to be involved with promoting a political campaign to change marriage law in Northern Ireland.” “Because we’re Christians, we support the current law and we felt that making this cake would make us responsible for its message.” “We wouldn’t decorate a cake with a pornographic picture or with swear words. We wouldn’t even decorate a cake with a spiteful message about gay people because to do so would be to endorse and promote it.” He added: “In the meantime, other businesses will have to take advice about whether they have to refuse orders that conflict with their conscience or whether they have to be coerced as well into promoting other people’s views.” But unfortunately, the judge ruled against them and didn’t accept their defense that making this cake would go against their religious beliefs. The rights of the customer to demand any type of cake trumped their right to practice their religion in their own business. However, this hasn’t impacted their profits. The couple has seven outlets throughout the UK and the Republic of Ireland. And their 2016 profits were almost $300,000 higher than the prior years. They may have lost in court, but standing up for their rights and principles apparently has been good for their business! What happened to: “we have the right to refuse service to anyone.” I don’t want anyone mistreated but I don’t think that you should be able to sue for standing for a religious belief. You want to be except for what you believe but you are willing to take that right away from others who don’t support your lifestyle.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: It’s official! Rosada Azul Bakers has been hit with the St. Patrick’s Day (or is it St. Patrick’s Day?) Supreme Court decision for refusing to bake a cake honoring the Irish queen in honor of gay marriage.
The bakery was the one who asked that their cake’s logo be hidden from children before they bake any cake. After the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in December that some gay marriages can continue to take place in Ireland, two prominent Irish gay rights groups filed suit against Bakers and called them “conspiracy theorists” who are plotting to “damage the former state of Ireland,” according to www.evancch.org.
According to the Belfast Telegraph, two other bakeries, Arlington and Emerald, which is in New Jersey, are set to show their rainbow-colored cakes that have been using rainbow-themed coverings since 2010. As The MailOnline notes, New Jersey law would allow nuptials of gay couples but still allow the balloting of gay couples. Meanwhile, Peekskill Parish Church in Pennsylvania is hoping the Supreme Court decision will ensure that their pastor was ordained as a minister of weddings in Pennsylvania.
Bakers say that the cross, which is Irish gold, lies by the thousands in Irish towns where all marriages have been recognised as valid since the council decision was announced. As Civil Liberties Ireland notes, they became so popular with Catholics in 2006, they began to replace the Irish flag with the cross on official state-made cakes and biscuits.
Based on their legal filings, the bakery argued that their wedding cake would violate the religious freedom of the four plaintiffs, who are gay, since their adoptions from other countries were limited by the law. They say the two gay couples are offended and that their former church treats them “in the most disrespect-curious way.”
For the majority of the Supreme Court’s ruling, the justices denied the pro-lesbian clients’ motions to reject the cake and refused to hear the plaintiffs’ requests for an order requiring them to comply with the states’ ban on same-sex marriages.
>>> COSINE: 0.30310889132455354

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Couples Challenge Defense of Marriage Act
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: Cody and Madison Reiner are lawyers in Colorado, represented by the nonprofit civil rights organization Aspiring. (They make their children’s faces appear blurred.) Cody is practicing law at Temmes. Madison is a graduate of the Becker School of Law in Colorado.
In their legal battles, they have argued that the Defense of Marriage Act violates the Eighth Amendment. Utah voters voted to end same-sex marriage in the November ballot but are facing red lines.
Two Washington media houses — Fox and Fox News — support defunding funding for Planned Parenthood, as did Republican lawmakers like Olympia Snowe and Olympia Snowe. Some have also “recognized the landmark decision to end the federal gay marriage ban,” Robert Woodward wrote for the influential Wall Street Journal in a recent column.
Since June 2006, when Congress repealed the same-sex marriage ban, gay-marriage lawsuits have litigated since Roe v. Wade, over other forms of discrimination in this country.
George LePage, Democrat from Maine, went to court early this year for the first time against DOMA, which bars states from recognizing same-sex marriages. LePage’s attorney, John Reed, confirmed that LePage was not asked by his client for the lawsuit. Instead, LePage asked Reed to represent him. “We would have been the first company to be on the ground for him, so they had a little bit of expertise,” Reed said. Reed declined to elaborate further on the gay-marriage lawsuits or the video of them.
Reiner, a Colorado attorney practicing at Temmes, said he didn’t have to testify to the campaign’s vagueness about LePage’s response.
“All I have to say is that I have no respect for the two sides in this case,” Reiner said. “Because it is the opposite, they are trying to separate the gay and lesbian community.”
The Reiners said it is unlikely that any of their clients, who are in a similar group, will pursue their cases at the federal level.
“We don’t really have a strong case because the 4th Amendment is so weak,” Reiner said. “When we win, we gain the political leverage and the emotional authority and have spent untold billions to get the answer.”
Mary Somers, of the Coalition of Conservative Physicians, said in a recent op-ed for the New York Times that a constitutional right has been “failed by Congress in a very unconstitutional way.”
Somers was the founder of More Than Just An Abortion, which legalized the practice of abortion from 1971 until 1999, when the Supreme Court allowed it. Somers said her clients include transgender women and women of color.
The Reiners’ book, “Taxe Victims of Sodomy” (William James Publishers, 1991), focuses on the discrimination of the transgender community in public restrooms in public schools and on the anti-LGBT bullying created by the transgender lobby in schools and in public buildings.
Some times, the Reiners have argued in court, they have brought the issue before voters before the Washington-based American Legislative Exchange Council, a Washington-based nonprofit, which is funded by corporate donations to legislators who fight marriage equality.
The Reiners have made much of the legal battles in their cases. Dean Law professor Bob Cowan, who attended the Washington-based Aspiring Mormon Supreme Court defense during the first year of the Bush administration, said the Reiners are successful, but not a perfect remedy.
“They won’t achieve anything, but they certainly did not achieve anything in one approach,” he said. “This is about a good outcome – the Reiners won – and not a bad outcome.”
“But they went to court, but they were successful.
— Common Dreams staff writer
>>> COSINE: 0.3277310947324734

>>> URL: foxnews.com/us/oregon-bakery-owners-pay-more-than-135g-in-damages-over-refusal-to-make-cake-for-gay-wedding
>>> TITLE: Oregon bakery owners pay more than $135G in damages over refusal to make cake for gay wedding
>>> TEXT: The owners of an Oregon bakery who denied service to a same-sex couple have paid more than $135,000 in state-ordered damages – months after refusing to do so – according to state officials Monday. Aaron Klein, co-owner of Sweet Cakes, by Melissa, dropped a check off for $136,927.07, according to the Bureau of Labor and Industries. The payment includes interest. Klein also paid $7,000 earlier this month. Damages were award in July for emotional suffering caused by the bakery which refused to make a wedding cake for Laurel and Rachel Bowman-Cryer more than two years ago. The bakers said they refused to make the cake because of their religious beliefs. The dispute goes back to January 2013 when Bowman-Cryer came into the shop with her mother for a cake-tasting appointment. However, Aaron Klein told the women that the bakery didn’t do cakes for same-sex weddings. The women filed complaints with the state and triggered a national debate over claims of religious beliefs against anti-discrimination laws. Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian awarded the damages nearly six months ago, saying the owners had violated the women’s civil rights by discriminating on the basis of their sexual orientation. They were also slapped with a gag order that prohibited them from speaking publicly about their refusal to participate in or bake wedding cakes for same-sex marriages. Aaron and his wife Melissa filed an appeal of the ruling and were defying the order to pay the damages before Monday. Tyler Smith, an attorney representing the Kleins, told The Oregonian that his clients have not abandoned their appeal of Avakian’s order. Smith said it was in their clients’ best interests to pay now rather than wait for the appeal date, which is slated for next year. The Oregonian reported the state has received a total of $144,000 from the Kleins. Charlie Burr, an agency spokesman, told the paper the payment might be more than what they owe. "We have been in touch with their lawyers throughout the process," Burr said. The amount might differ because of the accruing interest, according to the paper. A 2007 Oregon law protects the rights of gays, lesbians, bisexual and transgender people in employment, housing and public accommodations. The state ruled it also bars private businesses from discriminating against potential customers.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: A suburban Oregon bakery owner is being investigated after a judge said the owner was accusing him of defamation.
Michael Corbett, 42, filed a lawsuit against eatery Round Tree Bakery, charging that he had “highly unfair and deceitful communications” with readers on his blog by the owners, due to their deceit about his religion and situation.
Round Tree Bakery doesn’t have a sign or website and has its logo on a wall. Polls reveal that some prefer “Spring Street and Ashland Boulevard” to look less Jewish or “Apocalyptic,” according to the court filing.
Corbett, an ordained priest, complained that the bakery owner's Facebook post appeared to violate federal law.
But Chief U.S. District Judge Ellen O’Brien decided that “the plaintiff's claim of defamation must be dismissed because the plaintiff" does not have standing to do so in Oregon, according to The Oregonian.
White supremacists rally outside $20,000 cost-of-living rate for workers of Angus MacQuarter People https://t.co/exqjuHrCqU — Fox News (@FoxNews) December 28, 2015
The ex-Kettering Maine bakery allegedly emailed Curry Tea, "The founder of MMOTR, a provider of private training, relief and assistance for MSM and other facilities, with my opinion about social issue in media publicity." Curry Tea provides “Individual" asylum if people who are in poverty are foreign terrorist targets.
Corbett made the complaint in court.
"The plaintiff alleges that the plaintiff colluded with the defendants by disclosing to readers news articles on different occasions, which contained inaccurate statements."
People who use Facebook to publish personal information as "social" numbers are considered applicants for a “prominent” public position, according to a U.S. Department of Homeland Security website. In this case, the court said the lawsuit against the plaintiffs was not filed on official grounds and the judge did not grant the plaintiffs' motion to dismiss the case.
"The defendants' statement was not news articles," the court said in the complaint.
Corbett’s lawyer could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
This is a developing story. Stay with FoxNews.com for more on this story.

>>> COSINE: 0.15196043333425702

>>> URL: huffpost.com/entry/same-sex-marriage-laws-lgbt-teen-suicide-attempts_n_58ac934ae4b02eb3a982e288
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Marriage Laws Linked To Powerful Drop In Teen Suicide Rate
>>> TEXT: Living in a community that recognizes gay marriage can improve the mental health of all teens, according to a new study. State marriage equality laws enacted in the years before the 2015 Supreme Court ruling were linked to lower rates of suicide attempts among all high school students but especially among teens who identified as gay, lesbian, bisexual or unsure. Ultimately, the researchers found, for every year that same-sex marriage laws were in place, 134,000 fewer teens attempted suicide. This is noteworthy because queer teens are more than four times as likely to attempt suicide as their straight peers. While the study doesn’t demonstrate that these laws actually caused a reduction in suicide attempts, lead study author Julia Raifman theorized that having equal protection under the law may account for much of the change. “These are high school students so they aren’t getting married any time soon, for the most part,” said Raifman, a post-doctoral fellow at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health, in a statement about her research. “Still, permitting same-sex marriage reduces structural stigma associated with sexual orientation. There may be something about having equal rights ― even if they have no immediate plans to take advantage of them ― that makes students feel less stigmatized and more hopeful for the future.” Raifman’s theory is an important measure in this new political climate. Same-sex marriage is now federal law, thanks to the 2015 Supreme Court case Obergefell v. Hodges, but there are worrying signs that Republican politicians may start to undermine the right to marriage and LGBTG protections in general, both at the state and federal levels. Studies like this one show that equal marriage rights benefit those who want to marry someone of the same gender but also improve mental health for everyone, especially queer teens. “Policymakers need to be aware that policies on sexual minority rights can have a real effect on the mental health of adolescents,” she concluded. “The policies at the top can dictate in ways both positive and negative what happens further down.” Before 2015, only 35 states had legalized same-sex marriage. During this era, Raifman surveyed nearly 800,000 students of all sexual orientations from 1999 to 2015 about suicide attempts both before and after 32 states had legalized same-sex marriage. She also compared teen suicide attempts in states that legalized marriage to those in states that didn’t. Before the passage of same-sex legislation, nearly 9 percent of all teens and nearly 29 percent of queer-identifying teens had attempted suicide.
>>> SUMMARY: Tolerant societies have healthier, happier citizens. Period.
>>> GROVER: Since 1973, when same-sex marriage became legal nationwide, there have been no other mass suicides in the United States, according to data from the National Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
In the United States, the number of suicides every week has dropped by 4 percent, the foundation noted in its latest study on suicide.
And the drop in suicides is the result of increased national attention on suicidal thinking and social awareness around domestic violence, prison sentences and child abuse.
In fact, several factors are fueling the rate at which the suicide rate is dropping — from public concern in the last decade (in the wake of the Supreme Court’s ruling on same-sex marriage in June), the foundation noted in its report.
Such concern increases the likelihood that a child is at risk, said Robin L. Smith, senior analyst at the organization.
“And it is depressing. Because it’s popular for people to say, ‘This is what it’s like.’ And when they say this is what it’s like, it’s very similar to what marriage causes. It’s not quite as bad for people, but it’s a very steep drop for society at large,” she said.
Despite such continued public attention, there has been a drop in teen suicide rates.
In 2013, American teenagers were more likely to commit suicide than any other age group — at 12.5 percent of 16- to 17-year-olds, while their peers who were 18 were just as likely to do the same.
A decade earlier, they were at 0.03 percent.
Suicide and suicide prevention can help teen people seek help, Smith said.
“They spend less time trying to talk about their problems and more time struggling to talk about how we don’t know who’s trying to hurt them,” she said.
>>> COSINE: 0.2947148177879997

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/6k968d/cmv_i_do_not_respectunderstand_people_who_are/
>>> TITLE: I do not respect/understand people who are against gay marriage.
>>> TEXT: I do not respect these people. It's not their place to tell a pair of consenting adults that they have no right to get married. The only reason I know of is religious opposition. One, that is not secular. Two, you already selectively interpret your High and Holy Book as it is. If you are against gay marriage, as a significant number of people still are, I do not respect/understand your position and I consider your position unreasonable. Now let's be clear with the wording of this post. I am not asking you to convince me to be against gay marriage; that's highly unlikely to happen (not even Rule B-compliant tbh). I am asking you to convince me to understand that anti-gay marriage people come from a legitimate place, and that smart and sensible people can have different opinions on it. It's kind of like abortion -- I am pro-choice, but I can understand where the pro-lifers of the world are coming from, and I can say that I respect/understand their opinion however much I disagree with it. Or even with things like immigration, healthcare, and taxes -- I may disagree with the other side, but I can understand that it is an issue that reasonable people will disagree on. But I don't see how a reasonable person can disagree with gay marriage. Now, it's one thing if a private Church was being forced to perform gay marriages against it's will, or if a private Christian school was being forced to teach about birth control and homosexuality in sex ed against it's will; I can't condemn protesting against that. But when you are fighting against the rights of private individuals who have no impact on your lives getting married, you are putting forth an unreasonable position that I have no sympathy, respect or understanding for. Since a significant part of the country disagrees with me on this I would love to have this view changed because I feel like I am missing something.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This post is in association with the FB Light Fight and Graphic Spy website, and not of course has the FCC's blessing.
I am on the black church circuit and get very attracted to parties that aren't to be messed with.
People have become extremely dangerous and are very easily undone by misguided or even deadly actions.
Eighty-seven percent of gays and lesbians are on the FBI's list of Those Who Hate Us. Last week they criticized the Obama administration for not factoring in a new way that every poor gay guy who is a product of the homosexual world may be able to afford to live in. I watch these foolish, discriminatory actions.
Culture and views of my colleagues on the other side of the country, who are not on the list (it's only slightly less educated on the subject than my main rival, but I do not fly up to D.C., etc.), are as disturbing as much. It really puts us in a no-win situation, which is why I have reached out to the group I've called the best man to any of my ranting and raving gay friends.
(Mostly because I don't want them to do anyone wrong.)
My group is currently an organizing group of white, conservative Americans who oppose marriage equality. We have included people who reject marriage and will probably be gone when marriage equality becomes law in the next election. However, we will not be swayed by sympathy from those who only hope to stir things up even further, and they are in the audience, hoping that they can think in terms of what marriage will accomplish for them and their babies.
My group thinks that marriage has made us into a caretaker family for our children, so instead of voting for marriage equality we will base our voting decisions on the "right" concept of social justice, which would give legal sanction to any society in which homosexual marriage isn't strictly legal. Marriage has of course been strongly disavowed as prejudice by countless others.
Others are simply to blame because they are failing to integrate their values into a society that worships them. My group favors a "right to marry," but as far as I know this position has not been endorsed by the Obama administration nor the LGBT community.
Yet another aspect of their twisted, bitter depiction of the effects of this post-gay marriage coalition, as described by the Congresswoman from Nebraska, has not come into being. The hysteria about their committee's favor favoring a "Yes" vote is hardly related to fact fact fact. The fight over marriage has been fought with the Democratic Party for years and yet, as important of a force as the Republicans, there has been little action on marriage equality.
As a big general of the National LGBT Center, I implore Congressmen from both sides of the aisle to send a clear message to both sides of the aisle that they must act in unison to equalize our nation and the advancement of humanity. My organization, with my readers, is one of the great political organizations here on this planet.
It's a great group of people to support and protect gay marriage, including against those who are not happy with what's been passed. It's also inspiring. They have done such work in the name of gay rights that they can no longer come off any more.
Since taking the helm in 2015, the force and zeal of these extremists has actually grown stronger. They've been well-organized for years and yet I still consider myself disenchanted by their cowering-in-your-mouth expressions of disgust. Many Members of the LGBT community simply don't understand what "love" means to us and how issues like marriage are affecting us at the best interests of others.
Once we agree on the rightness of marriage, we all do have to stand up for the bigoted that make the America I love the most. I pray for those people who spend all their energy fighting for their brothers and sisters in the dark or trying to keep the threat of same-sex marriage from all Americans completely unified or at least back into place.
Sure, some of us want to redefine marriage, but the job of Congress is that of government guidance, not absolute judgment. We are now in a moment of despair when our country is not willing to come to grips with the fact that human nature requires our government to decide in equal to society what the real goal is, not what the imaginary policy of that field might be.
The idea that you cannot ask a man in the wrong denomination for his brother's rock (as a matter of human conscience he went there to find), cannot be defended, and that it's for the best interest of everyone to have a straight man or woman who wishes to marry him. My congregants know this, and I have promised them to respect and love their fellow partner.
I hope they understand that
>>> COSINE: 0.3282747864709516

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7dhhky/cmv_there_is_no_biblical_reason_to_oppose_gay/
>>> TITLE: There is no Biblical reason to oppose gay marriage
>>> TEXT: The Biblical arguments I have heard against gay marriage go something like this: certain passages in Leviticus are quoted, pointing out that under the Old Testament law, homosexual acts were punishable by death certain New Testament passages are pointed out, for example, where Paul explains that because societies forget God, he gives them up to "unnatural acts" for example, homosexual sex. My point of view: this is not a sufficient argument to show that one should oppose changes in the legal definition of marriage, even if one accepts that homosexual acts are condemned. My reasons: The questions "should I allow myself to do X" and "should I allow others to do X" are separate moral questions. The Bible often draws this distinction - in fact, Christians who feel compelled for religious reasons to impose dietary restrictions on themselves are explicitly warned not to try to impose them on others. It does not automatically follow, even if you are certain that gay sex is wrong, that it is your personal mission to prevent others from engaging in it. The questions "Should I allow other Christians to do X" and "Should I allow unbelievers to do X" are, in Biblical ethics, separate moral questions. For example, believers are warned to separate themselves from people who claim to be Christians but engage in sexual immorality, but in the same passage told that it's fine to be friends with sexually immoral unbelievers. Therefore, it does not automatically follow that convictions about God's opinion on gay, sexually active Christians has anything at all to do with how you should treat gay, sexually active non-Christians. Thirdly, the Bible says nothing explicit about homosexual marriage. It may be something that the early Christians never thought of (though one would presume God knew about the issue). The Biblical arguments about same-gender marriage, generally, derived from passages stating that God ordained marriage, and the wording of these passages indicate two different genders. Also, since marriage is a metaphor for the relationship between Christ and the church (this is in the Bible), marriage is a holy institution (this is also in the Bible), and therefore should not be "split apart". However, this has little to do with how secular governments define marriage - in the context of those passages, the Bible is specifically condemning divorce between Christians. In fact, the Bible even permits a believer, abandoned by an unbelieving spouse, to remarry ("the brother or sister is not bound in such circumstances" 1 Cor 7:15).
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This post is written by by Adam Surprised Potato
"May God bless and protect all who love each other, and against the evils of this world and those who fear God's wrath," the Little Girls of Chaiseville, Connecticut, write. "May God give us the courage to reject what is true and stands by what is already in us: love of another and a beautiful future together. May God bless and protect all who love each other, and against the evils of this world and those who fear God's wrath, and both be given the ability to do His will."
Thank you, God bless America, for letting us make this very public change, which has been announced by a ballot sponsor only months after it was revealed that millions of people might not be able to support gay marriage.
One heartbreaking thing is that God has literally made America back from the brink. He's committed to two rounds of gay marriage. He removed the ban on marriage that was made law last year, and America now has a decision for it. Everyone can now find a temporary way of controlling the bill by seeking to force citizens to marry themselves, but that doesn't mean gays and lesbians can accept being married to anyone in violation of the law.
According to the Record of Illinois, Fox News explains the new bill: “A referendum seeking to change Illinois’ marriage law passed by a small majority on Wednesday. Along with marriage equality, the referendum will also extend a same-sex prohibition against mail delivery, access to contraception, service at skilled nursing facilities, unequal treatment of public schools and many other policies that change regardless of the individuals’ individual sexual preferences.”
If Illinois loses the referendum, New York will next fall admit that Illinois voters this fall approved same-sex marriage in that state. New York and Massachusetts may go straight to a one-day veto override if they get both statewide votes. That's it. How "All people can’t be gay" holds sway. God Bless America.
>>> COSINE: 0.23922974477470746

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9mht9v/same_sex_marriage_is_not_real_marriage/
>>> TITLE: Same sex marriage is not real marriage.
>>> TEXT: I was raised as a Christian conservative. Also, I'm not some backwoods hillbilly that has never been exposed to alternate lifestyles. I'm a well educated faculty member at one of the top tier academic institutions in my area (and get exposed to all sorts of people with different backgrounds as a result). I have always been taught that marriage is between one man and one woman as God intended. I do not hate gay people at all. I have met some pretty awesome gay people before. What I hate is the attempt to place same sex marriage and traditional marriage on the same level as if they are the same thing. They aren't. I also don't agree with the argument that "everyone should have the right to marry who they love". No. You don't have that right. Love is only one factor in marriage. It isn't the only factor. Just because a 15 year old high school student and their teacher fall in love doesn't give them the right to marry. I'm also sure there are weirdos out there who fall in love with a family member. That doesn't give them the right to get married. Marriage is about love, yes. But it's also about being productive members of society and building a healthy biologically created nuclear family unit. Same sex marriages cannot do that for society. It's only second best. It's also not about "equal rights". Gay people have the exact same rights that straight people do. A gay man has the same right to marry a woman that a straight man has. Redefining marriage is an additional right that straight people are not given. If I as a straight man do not have the right to redefine marriage, a gay man shouldn't be given that right either.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Real marriages are never accurate. Don't you think gays are going to be so happy once a couple, married for the greater good, lives together forever? (No one really knows. But the results could shock people one day.)
Yes, there are a lot of believers when it comes to gay weddings. In fact, if you say "everyone loves marriage" everyone cheers the biggie. But men and women know not to cackle when a man does the deed. Isn't it better to hug him instead of having an argument?
So the question, of course, is whether a couple can count on being strong and able to do so for many years after marriage. Not really. To include spouses who aren't supposed to be strong often means that in the long run they're only meant to be strong because they can be strong because they know they can be strong.
It's a vague idea, with no real concept, to give the marriage peace of mind, even if it only lasts a few months. Yes, it seems like the best way to bring about this is to let our neighbors know, I didn't stand in your way and you didn't hear us the first time, we're looking out for each other so much that if you play fair with the marriage pair you can learn to play it safe.
Unfortunately, that's not how fair people are. In fact, that's probably more accurate because the process of coming out as gay has been a phenomenon over the decades. And since so many people of all ages are a part of the modern world, there isn't really a good reason to admit to being gay.
So once the license to date began going up, a handful of states and some local communities refused to let people keep their licenses and all gay couples would have to change their names and have them listed in the registrar's office until they were as legally married. And if you want to figure out whether you can live with a spouse who is only as legally married as you can legally live with now, here's some simple rules.
Marriage will never be legal. Gays and lesbians can just say no. No one can accuse them of trying to fudge any of this.
A rule when you're becoming married is to just be given this space just to allow your friends and family to say yes! That's not if you aren't gay.
Also, once you're married, the rules about who the legally married couple can adopt are what you already do. Yes, you can care for each other and you can even adopt one of their children too. For couples who want to let the kids pass, think of adoption as the crown of their new family.
Again, it's still a hard choice. They may want to make the world a better place, but at the same time they also want a chance to experience some of the joys of being a couple and show how they might complement each other in some odd way.
Okay, so we all know we have to kiss the two of us and say, "I love you, too!" But it's been taught to us that we need to know who it is that we get along with. Sometimes, this happens. In our small way.
And in the end, our alternative guidelines on same-sex intimacy are probably the most uncomfortable ones we've seen. Not only can it be stressful and uncomfortable, but it's hard on you too, considering the emotional pain, failure and guilt you'll feel every time you admit your two gay brothers and sisters to you.
That said, your individual feelings for the couple you want to keep wedded together can't be ignored. In fact, they have to share the love. (And they've all got to.) It's that particular thing of the gay community, where feeling bad for love is not a viable option. (Seriously, why would a couple of bastards, married for the greater good, get so depressed? Give yourself that kind of cold shoulder.)
Still, don't beat yourself up about wanting marriage equality. There are many who tell us, first and foremost, that marriage is a beautiful institution, and that it's more important to leave a secret than to be loved and heard. Ultimately, marriage is sacred, and a priest can talk to you about it.
>>> COSINE: 0.3527691019535063

>>> URL: usasupreme.com/father-train-asking-gang-stop-smoking/
>>> TITLE: GRAPHIC! Father Brutally Beaten On Train For Asking Gang To Stop Smoking Weed (Video)
>>> TEXT: Many of us have become inured to the presence of violence. Its ubiquity in the news and, for some of us, in our own neighborhoods has numbed us to the shock of this largely preventable condition. The video below offers a sobering reminder of the reality of the costs of violence–financial, human, physical and emotional. We have a violence problem in America. But not from real Americans who are patriots and love their country, usually the violence is conducted by some low scums and thugs who should have their citizenships removed! Kennan Jones was the latest victim of a behavior like this he was attacked by a black gang on Sunday as they rode towards Deep Ellum in Dallas, Texas. He had asked them to stop smoking marijuana on the Dallas Area Rapid Transit train. The group included young men and women who punched him and threw him against the train’s doors before arriving at the station. Some of them pushed off the handle poles to kick Jones from the air. A fellow passenger filmed the attack and shared the footage with DFW, CBS’s local station in Texas. In the video, at least one other passenger tries to intervene but it slapped away. Jones was taken to hospital after the incident but has since been released. He had visible facial injuries when he spoke to the network. Everything just went from 0 to 100. I’m just very happy to be here… happy to hug my kids,’ he said. The man said he tried to recoil during the attack and told the gang: ‘OK, OK. Y’all win,’ but they persisted. That is despicable behavior. The man should not have asked them to stop smoking but should have reported it to the Police. These people are vile and scum. Hope they get caught and put inside. Hope the man gets better soon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: On Saturday night, a 14-year-old boy went on a train ride from Hoquiam, Texas to Austin, Texas, where he was part of a gang. His tale is a stark reminder of the relentless, sometimes unforgiving, bullying tactics the Texas Department of Public Safety has employed to deter these crimes.
One of the riders on the train, Jeannette Lynn just didn’t believe the boys in his group, and then for the next six days, he would play the role of a warden. All these years later, Lynn still isn’t laughing at the man’s vicious and vulgar ways. “I’ve seen him speak the wrong way at age 11,” she said. “I feel like I need to kick him out of prison.”
Only months ago, Lynn had been exonerated of a long list of crimes. Now, the decades-old charge of robbery, drug possession, and aggravated assault against a vehicle—the latter of which involved a convicted felon, not a child under the age of 14—were revisited. “This is the world that they lived in,” Lynn said, “that’s why I get so badly burned up.”
The child-abduction case dragged on for years and languished for more than three years before it finally came to light in 2015. Yet the man whose parents filed the suit isn’t the one that saw the tape. In his defence, the crime victim is 18 years old and awaiting the custodial sentence, placed on an Adderall-like drug suspension for each of the 28 days it is slated to take him to a state court, and so immediately convicted.
>>> COSINE: 0.1500107321610482

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Prohibition Only Ends Once': 421 For All Group Takes Aim at Cannabis Criminal Justice Reform
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: GLENDALE, Ariz. (Shutterstock) – It is claimed that the sedative (murderous injection) made during prohibition aided by a 60% reduction in the crime rate that occurred in the United States prior to the six-month period ended on 20 September 2000.
The Proposed Statement #36 of “Challenging the Judicial Proceedings (Proposed Statements) for Uniform Apportionment of and State Assembly Against Infanticide, Citizen Fights and Home Rule,” is likely to finally end a month of testimony and evidence deposition that we have thus far been hearing from proponents of legalization, its repeal proponents, its foes and many others (see, for example, the Associated Press on Feb. 24, “Moderates Hearten Senate – Obama on Pot,” “The Proposed Statement on Marijuana Threat: Public Opinion on Legalization”) with the goal of ensuring that society faces an onslaught of heavy penalties that comes from legalization?
There will be much more to discuss as a group; as we think about the misuse and oppression of marijuana (legalization) and the abuse and abuses of human beings (smuggling and the like) that lie behind the policies of prohibition. Let’s look at some of the everyday people who have been turned into unwitting beneficiaries of the cannabis economy, including those who are growing cannabis.
Ann Campbell
Not only has Campbell ever been the victim of cruel, malicious, heartless and obtrusive war crimes in any of the numerous trials that surround marijuana, but she is also the first to release, all of the professional things she has done: Proving that “criminals have no support from society” and noting that “motivations from governmental prosecutors are ignored. It is only when a politician is caught flouting all of his or her obligations as a citizen that he or she is brought to justice.” This statement is a powerful reminder that it is important to eliminate that excuse.
Robert Lee Hunt
The Southern Poverty Law Center, according to the Los Angeles Times, “organizers would go to jail if they chose to protect the political system by telling guilty criminals they would be tried.” He is precisely why officials in his home state of Alabama, a state with convicted felons on death row, agreed, until then, to proceed with the whole thing.
Huntsville City Councilwoman Courtney Lewis was in several meetings on the issue of continuing to fight the legalization, in an interview published by the Redlands Daily Facts on Monday, April 15. She said that a study done recently from “a state group of law enforcement professionals shows that convictions at the time of arrest for marijuana offenses — with no mitigating circumstances — for marijuana users every single day at a rate of 70 to 100 arrests per year,” is virtually a rounding error. This study indicates that even if the prosecution were willing to recoup the hundreds of thousands of dollars spent in producing for the state of Alabama, penalties could be prohibitively high, as it is for those who have served prison time in the criminal justice system.
Huntsville City Councilmember Lewis will hold a hearing on the issue on Monday, April 19 at 7:30 p.m. at the City Council chambers at 500 Broadway in Huntsville City.
Paul N. Snyder
The judicial system is the least effective the solution to the rest of the world’s problems.
Prohibition only ends once, and Prohibition is a great compromise. Only “freedom” without it is an absurd definition of happiness and a perpetual craze for legal pot. No amount of propaganda or DNA research will prove that it is an either/or.
Daniel Sweeney
There has never been anything to promote, be it a benign government, a sanction to eliminate human and economic abuse. It has been a constant reminder of the need for intense pressure to “sue” offenders with a visible consequence.
In 1948 the Kansas Supreme Court struck down the Arizona law, declaring that the law did not hinder the continuous pursuit of marijuana or its human origin. Former Judge Daniel Brummitt dismissed the case in 1993.
Conservatives claim the American Constitution requires their protection, and slavery was never supported by the one amendment when it was Amendment 1. Proponents claim the First Amendment as a guarantee.
But legalization of marijuana comes with a 28% decrease in crime rate, yet this is an unjustified rule. To bar enforcement of this law in the penalty area where marijuana was not legalized is met with two blows. The first blow is nullification; the second is a double blow.
When tyranny is not been enough to ensure compliance and abolition of prohibition, it’s already too late. When it’s just not enough to prohibit people from using marijuana, leave it to death to
>>> COSINE: 0.26816060926159635

>>> URL: foxnews.com/health/marijuana-legalization-illinois-michigan-midwest
>>> TITLE: Marijuana legalization in Illinois, Michigan could trigger interstate tangling
>>> TEXT: The recreational market selling marijuana is coming to the Midwestern states, and the expensive, challenging industry is bringing a patchwork of legal and cultural snares. The start of legal sales in Michigan on Dec. 1 and in Illinois on Jan. 1 brings a climate to the Midwest where some neighboring states allow limited marijuana use for medical purposes. But, none other has moved to permit recreational use. Officials have been renewing warnings against the dangers of “canna-tourism” and carrying marijuana products over state lines, The Associated Press reported. In Michigan, where $4.7 million of recreational marijuana was sold in the first three weeks of December, regulators said they did not know how much was bought by out-of-state customers. But, many shop owners said business has been brisk, particularly from neighboring Ohio and Indiana and nearby Illinois. “There’s been people from all over,” said Bart Kupczyk, a co-owner and director of retail at Ann Arbor-based Greenstone Provisions, one of 23 Michigan retailers licensed for adult-use recreational sales. “Ann Arbor is close to Ohio. It’s a destination city in its own right as a fairly well-known college town.” Some 45 miles to the south in Morenci, a town of 2,100 people along the Ohio border, a dispensary has reported that a majority of its customers hailed from Ohio, where only medical marijuana has been legal. Another retailer in Morenci secured its state license last week. “It is important for residents of Ohio and nonresidents traveling through the state to understand possession of marijuana remains a criminal violation in Ohio, even if it is purchased legally in another state which permits recreational use,” said Staff Lt. Craig Cvetan, public affairs commander for the Ohio State Highway Patrol. Illinois is the 11th state to allow marijuana’s use and sale broadly, shrinking early states’ market advantages and abilities to draw tourists. Illinois marijuana company executives said they’ve trained employees to remind nonresidents that their products cannot legally be transported across state lines and can be consumed only in private homes or hotels that permit it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: - Back to top: Ohio's Law to Keep Private Cannabis Drinking in Liquor Stores
The National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL) has written an official statement urging lawmakers to decriminalize marijuana possession in private and regulated sites that can attract a large crowd, such as stockyards.
The letter is a new chapter in the multi-state legal battle over the legalization of marijuana in Illinois, a near-monopoly against organized crime.
The reaction from the Illinois Attorney General’s office has prompted lawmakers to take action to ease the pain on their behalf.
Here’s the statement from NCSL President Mike Fagen:
“When doing business in the state of Illinois, private marijuana stores would face some legal scrutiny if they failed to reduce crowds of people trying to buy, store and distribute marijuana in an unregulated industry.
“The pipeline for the sale of marijuana is clearly too large, and our elected leaders, as we fight to maintain the laws in place that make it legal, will have to be mindful of conditions that deserve scrutiny. We cannot expect the big system that exists in Illinois to be adequately controlled or prosecuted.
“In part, the consumers would be less secure, as there could be a potential for license-seeking lawsuits to stall any progress in legalizing marijuana use in Illinois.
“Cannabis manufactures and sellers would be confronted with a serious threat from those who would offer untested and dangerous products — including health risks and potential for safety — that they can control.
“Those who question the state’s ability to regulate this business would be prevented from profiting from the tools to accelerate access to marijuana and from the extremely high number of sales expected.
“The answer to the growing legal challenges will be to recognize that law-abiding marijuana users have legal standing to grow their own, refine, and transfer their marijuana.”
The second part of the letter is:
Illinois Attorney General Dan Drezner:
“When law-abiding citizens are trying to buy, store and distribute marijuana in private locations, chances are good that there could be substantial and very high risk, as well as possible financial loss, to go through court motions to stop the operation. The upshot for me was to ask lawmakers to enact a ban on selling, storing and distributing marijuana in enclosed private spaces, where recreational pot use is permitted. That remains something that should be allowed — but it won’t happen because the Illinois attorney general’s office won’t support it.”
The five states have allowed the sale of marijuana in lots within their borders.
San Francisco has two marijuana stores, one open only to licensed producers; another is is located in the back of the City Hall parking lot, and the last one closed shortly after midnight on Dec. 15.
In addition, the cities of Cincinnati and Knoxville, Tenn., are prohibited from vending marijuana in designated areas.
Read the full letter here.
>>> COSINE: 0.401532009702023

>>> URL: nytimes.com/2019/03/17/us/politics/marijuana-legalize-democrats.html
>>> TITLE: Legalizing Marijuana, With a Focus on Social Justice, Unites 2020 Democrats
>>> TEXT: People in Colorado still remember John Hickenlooper’s crack after the state legalized marijuana, a move he opposed: “Don’t break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly.” But Mr. Hickenlooper, the governor at the time of the 2012 initiative allowing recreational use of cannabis, eventually changed his mind. He acknowledged that fears of increased use by children did not materialize, and he boasted of the tax revenues for social programs that regulated sales delivered. Entering the Democratic presidential race this month, Mr. Hickenlooper joined a field already jammed with pro-legalization candidates, a reflection of swiftly changing public opinion since Colorado became one of the first of 10 states with legal recreational marijuana. The issue today is a pillar of progressive politics, but not because of graying hippies who like their Rocky Mountain High. Rather, for many Democrats, legalization has become a litmus test for candidates’ commitment to equal treatment for all races in policing and criminal justice as well as fighting economic inequality. “A Democrat who is not on board with legalization or addressing it in terms of repairing harms brought by prohibition for decades is going to have a tough time convincing any voter they’re serious about racial justice,” said Vincent M. Southerland, executive director of the Center on Race, Inequality and the Law at New York University Law School. Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey last month introduced the pointedly named Marijuana Justice Act, which would remove the drug from the federal list of controlled substances and expunge past convictions. Supporters note that African-Americans are almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than whites, even though rates of use are similar. “It’s not enough to legalize marijuana at the federal level — we should also help those who have suffered due to its prohibition,” Mr. Booker said in a tweet. Other 2020 candidates in the Senate quickly signed on as sponsors, including Kirsten Gillibrand, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris. Beto O’Rourke, who often hedges when asked about contentious policy issues, has endorsed the federal legalization of marijuana unequivocally. Asked about it Thursday — at his first event as a presidential candidate, in Keokuk, Iowa — Mr. O’Rourke framed his position as a matter of practicality and racial justice, given that people of color are imprisoned at disproportionate rates for drug offenses. “I say this as the father of a middle school student, where middle schools are one of the fastest growing markets for marijuana sales today,” he told a coffeehouse crowd.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Photo
The third major urban presidential campaign of the Democratic primary is going to be a major field test for the progressive “first 2020 hopeful.” Of course, it’s not just about the issues of ballot access, which will play into the contest’s primary focus — the subject of a potential federal marijuana policy — but also about policies covering social justice issues. Such issues, one suspects, will play a significant role in the November 2020 election in the wake of Donald Trump’s defeat at the hands of Democrats.
Democratic New York Governor Andrew Cuomo of Albany, who represents New York’s fourth largest metropolitan area, has been working hard to address concerns from state legislators about the lack of marijuana. The governor has extended an exemption on the state’s public schools to provide cannabis education to children attending the state’s five other public schools. The Cuomo administration has backed initiative on the grounds that the children are unlikely to go to less-affluent public schools because of the practice, and has used the exemption to allow the use of anti-marijuana marijuana edibles in public schools. Cuomo’s move raised hopes that legalization could soon face a leadership challenge on the Democratic side, allowing both big-money gun-rights activists and law enforcement officers to recruit Democratic sympathizers to mount campaigns in support of the legalization efforts.
Cuomo’s initiative was approved by the State Senate and Assembly in September. And while the legislative committee report on the legalization will serve as a guide to how policymakers think about the marijuana legalization movement, it has also been addressed by a bill which would give state and local police agencies the authority to develop police-force policies on the use of cannabis use — and why some enforcement policies must comply with the same guidelines that appeal to the Supreme Court. A federal legalization agenda, meanwhile, has been talked about by some liberals but has drawn little attention.
The other big message of this year’s Republican primary is the focus on social issues — specifically civil rights. In 2019, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is looking at a host of positive legal policies on inequality: From progressive taxation of union dues to an increase in family income tax to crackdown on low-income housing, the CBC has pledged to continue supporting increased domestic funds for social justice organizations — especially in educational programs like scholarships and public prisons.
The Democratic candidates also have excellent social policy positions, and the combination of them makes the debate so compelling that it could conceivably play into the possibility of a Trump presidency. But if the justices rule in favor of amnesty for immigrants, as is currently theorized, there is little chance the nation could take a different course. Instead, Democrats’ ambitions look set to be tied largely to what some see as the most glaring electoral weakness among them: an ideological confrontation over limited constitutional rights.
That could be tricky, though, given that the progressive direction of the party has shifted a bit in recent years. During the debates between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, Clinton openly clashed with Sanders about ideals such as tax reform and gay rights. Sanders and Clinton have argued that legalized marijuana may well be the only way to fight climate change — although Clinton did point out in one debate that a large part of her ad spending in the early part of 2018 was aimed at “treating addiction worse than alcohol and tobacco.”
Clinton and Sanders — supported by the liberal establishment — have also argued that smoking pot over the decades has allowed it to become more accepted in Western New York. The timing may suggest that the parties may be operating on a more even footing than before. We can expect to see a complete shift to legalization in 2020 when the justices rule on a federal marijuana policy as well as one from the new Democratic president, who believes that President Trump’s rejection of federal recognition of marijuana-free zones around the country stands in evidence.
The resulting political climate in the spring will also be sure to have the progressive Democratic organization holding out hope that Americans will finally embrace change, and to try to convince independents that less is more, even when that means imposing high taxes on the rich and stifling services such as education and affordable housing.
The Democratic Party will have the task of convincing just that — and disrupting the liberal, conservative orthodoxy that has gripped the party for the past generation.
Trip Gabriel lives in Turlock, CA.
>>> COSINE: 0.33902669537073254

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/aowh26/cmv_marijuana_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: Marijuana should be legalized
>>> TEXT: So my glorious senator from my home state Ron Wyden has introduced a bill to legalize marijuana in America. Although I doubt it will actually get passed I think that it ought to. Here are my reasons for why it ought to be legalized: It was made illegal in the first place due to racist fear-mongering and stories made up by people who are clearly ignorant of marijuana and it's effects (i.e. Reefer Madness) Although this is sort of a separate issue, the designation of marijuana as a Schedule I drug is absurd, especially when you look at how other illicit drugs are classified. By definition, Schedule I drugs, are defined as drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. The first point is false, marijuana has some medicinal usages such as helping with pain or appetite in cancer patients. Does marijuana have a high potential for abuse? Well, it certainty has a potential for abuse, but is it really worse than meth, cocaine, or fentanyl (which btw are all Schedule II)? I'm well aware that marijuana is not a harmless drug, but look at alcohol and tobacco which are both legal and significantly worse for you than marijuana is. Doesn't make sense that two of the worst substances are perfectly legal whereas weed (which is less worse for you) is demonized and illegal I'm not really knowledgeable about economics so I may be totally wrong but legalizing weed could improve the economy by providing a new business to sell goods and such Legalizing weed will make it easier to do research on its long term effects so we can finally figure out the true risks of smoking it
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This must not be Hollywood A-list-aigony winner (well, if it doesn't hold up against its peers, it does), but finally
As marijuana has grown in popularity, young people are turning to it to get high.
The reason is simple. The history of psychedelics has already made it an accepted holiday these days, in some positive terms. Because the price of taking one is significantly lower than the price of taking one…
As we all know, there is a difference between the pill in the beginning and the next. There is definitely a difference between the old psilocybin and the next. Psilocybin counts as "medication" and is distributed by the pharmacist under the skin, which means the rest of us don't have to wait for the next batch, which still turns up in the bottle at the grocery store.
Yes, the pill is the former and isn't the latter, but both have benefits (the pills are longer lasting than the initial one, and therefore, the pill will do much more work, but, because it's the same batch of pills).
A common argument advanced by those who claim we don't need the pill is that we don't want to be stoned anymore, so we'd like the drug to be made to go by whomever we need it most. The fact is, we do need the pill, we need the easy way, which they'll say is shooting a stoner 30 minutes into a mass-produced heroin-based heroin, and we'll shoot a can of eggnog. (Yes, American-made, they're a bit embarrassing.)
The problem is, as anyone who has been to India knows, who can come up with the simplest way to get high for forty bucks in a minute is hard to do, and that makes it nearly impossible for people to take the pills.
And I won't surprise you to hear that the methods of drug-picking are three or four times more difficult than legal ones – physical, mental and emotional – but use of marijuana for the purposes of ingesting itself is as easy to do in India as it is on a grander scale in other parts of the world.
>>> COSINE: 0.15385363575508954

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ac7y3q/cmv_cannabis_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: Cannabis should be legalized.
>>> TEXT: So here is my opinion on the legalization of Cannabis: It's prohibition was not justified. After the failure of the alcohol prohibition in the states, government officials needed a new enemy: Cannabis. After picking the only negative opinion of a scientist, they proposed it to the Un and they actually agreed (obviously, this is a very simple version of it). Countries like Germany protested but were silenced through it's pharma industry lobbyists, as they saw a danger in this drug making some of their products obsolete. Cannabis can be used as a painkiller, to calm people with behavioral syndromes and some claim even against other diseases. Although it is legalized for medical purposes in some countries, supply is low and the prices ridiculous, as insurances won't pay for it. Cannabis is less harmful than Alcohol and Nicotine. The only risks of consuming it are a psychosis (I'll adress these again) or damaging your lung through smoking (minimized by vaping or edibles). When you're high you drive better and calmer than when you're drunk (driving while high should still be illegal). It destroys a branch of the black market, as people can just buy it (btw. governments can earn millions through taxes). Dealers can't offer you "harder" drugs, as you won't be buying from them but from highly regulated official vendors. Through controlling the balance of THC and CBD the danger of psychosis is also lowered. Black market Cannabis tends to have a higher and higher dosis of THC, because it is more efficient and worth more. This means a higher danger of psychosis. With regulated Cannabis though, this problem can be regulated as mentioned above. This is a short version of my argumentation. I am aware that I may have been not accurate enough or not told everything, so you don't have to hate on me. But honestly I think you can't change my mind and that it's a question of time that everyone can enjoy their joint in peace, no matter what country you're in. Best regards.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This weekend, vote for City Council’s proposed ban on cannabis in Canada
In 1915, Ireland passed its first laws for civil disobedience, which resulted in the founders of the Republic taking the "first" measure to outlaw smoking and drink. Ireland then outlawed coffee in public. In 2014, the right to smoke was proclaimed a constitutional right in Ireland.
So why is now hard? It seems as if it would be more complicated to just ban weed and date as a way to deal with the current cannabis industry in Ireland. With 6.5m citizens potentially affected by marijuana sales, the next step is proving difficult.
From the details of the prohibition to find out how you can protect the consumer, Cannabis for Everyone came out of the draft Cannabis Guide distributed by the Irish government and stood on the forefront of the legalization debate. The guide outlines how legalization can help navigate the legal realm.
“Various planning conditions or references are necessary. The final terms to be agreed and ratified by public governments are different. There may be miscellaneous considerations that can be addressed before the overall governmental framework or maximum can take effect,” writes the guide.
Cannabis has had massive drug harms, but the price goes up and you have to pay for it. This is what the guide deals with.
© Kaitlyn Cassidy Photography / Shutterstock
The guide, still in its infancy and still very much aimed at citizens in the UK and US, contains numerous exemptions and supplements, like forgiveness of credit-card debt and other minor financial penalties. It has created a lively debate in Ireland and the UK over the future of cannabis as a source of solvency for society.
The UK government once had a conflict with the decriminalisation of cannabis in Ireland, but even then was overruled by the Church. Ireland never dealt with it directly but had it make laws about it under the Penal Code.
The government had a go at decriminalising it then, passing the law in 1925. In 1962, the Law Society of Ireland and the Irish Medical Council both opposed such a law. At the time, most people would say cannabis is legal, but it has had a negative impact on people’s daily lives.
There has been some debate about the rights of people who buy and consume cannabis because of questions like whether it does actually promote cannabis health. But many are also unsure of how to apply this to the greater good. Are they currently worried about it? Is it the legal equivalent of a law being broken?
According to the group’s report into accessibility of cannabis products, it is easy to meet a demand. This is often at too little or too much cost. In 2013, a commercial entity, a growing business or fast food outlet, sold about 80,000 cannabis products in Ireland.
This number is steeped in history. A prohibition on sale of cannabis in Ireland was carried out in 1974, a decade before cannabis became legal in Canada. Could this be the next step to bring cannabis into the mainstream? If the most people are willing to pay for it, then why is it so difficult to achieve the kind of issues the guide deals with?
The advice presented in the guide certainly had broad implications for the overall cannabis industry in Ireland. Not surprisingly, marijuana has become a $300bn business in the United States, with roughly half the $10bn generated in marijuana sales in 2017.
Irish voters in the election this week successfully passed bans on cannabis sales – ironically a significant move – to protest against the government attempting to regulate the legal trade in the new cannabis industry.
Once someone has come forward to oppose this, the good bye to prohibition should be a constant reminder that cannabis is a 21st century industry, one that will be more refined and ready for market in the 21st century.
KakteenTV is a journalism company that also reports on issues and entertainment. You can reach us on Twitter and Facebook.
>>> COSINE: 0.3293419734230172

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/8spy7n/marijuana_should_not_be_legalized_for/
>>> TITLE: Marijuana should not be legalized for recreational purposes.
>>> TEXT: When I was younger, I was the textbook "young libertarian" who hated anything the government did to restrict even the most insignificant freedom. But as I became older, I began to realize more and more that "intrusive" government regulation is nessicary, not only to protect people from people from themselves, but also to maintain a functional society. There are a couple of reasons why I dislike Marijuana, and none of them are very major, but when they are all considered together, I think they make a compelling argument. Safety. I'm going to cheat on this one a little. The jury is still out on the effects of marijuana on cognitive development, and there is debate on wheater the act of smoking can cause lung issues. What can be safely said though is that smoking Marijuana isn't particularly healthy. At least not compared to other things you could be spending your time and money on. Another aspect to consider is DUI and other hazards caused by impairment. Our society already has a major problem with drunk driving, so why add high driving into the mixture? The real hazard here comes from how quickly Marijuana acts on the nervous system. While it usually takes 2-3 beers to cause significant impairment, a single hit from a joint is enough to impair most people. Economics. A major arguement for legalization is that revenue from Marijuana will stimulate the economy. And this is true for a short period of time. What people fail to realize however is that Marijuana will negatively impact the consumer in the long term. Money spent on Marijuana is like money spent on Alchohol. Usually when money is exchanged for a good, that product either directly or indirectly assists the comsumer in a meaningful way. Money spent on any drug does not provide significant tangible benefit. A large Marijuana market would serve only to take money from the hands of the consumer while not providing any afforememtioned tangible benefit. Money in the hand of the consumer is what ultimately stimulates the economy, not money in the hands of wealthy Marijuana companies. No turning back. I'm sure you're familiar with prohibition and how that all ended up. What prohibition taught us is that once a product (especially a drug) is introduced into a population, it is EXTREMELY hard to remove that product. The same concept applies to Marijuana. Essentially, once Marijuana is legalized, there is no turning back.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 1 year old
The New York Commission on Drug Policy has voted to move forward with new regulations, which it says don’t affect marijuana as much as people think.
In a statement, the commission asked that they work with cannabis experts to find ways to help combat illicit drug sales by medical practitioners.
In its legislation, the commission said that it would work to amend the drug laws to legalise marijuana as a medical treatable drug for addiction.
The commission has previously said that that as of right now, legalisation would be dependent on it.
Cannabis sales are regulated under the Controlled Substances Act and pot is classified as a “pro-drug” drug.
Related article MIT professor on the dangers of cannabis and 'the difference between me and Satan'
In its original legislation, the commission said that sales should not be restricted to recreational purposes and that the new regulations could lead to “cannabis legalisation into limited circumstances”.
In other words, the commission said, sales of marijuana might be regulated as regulated, even if they mean limited to recreational purposes.
It added that while it found drug sales an abuse that was “relatively small”, they still had an opportunity to help people realise what they were risking with drug addiction.
New York, the country’s biggest state with an estimated 320,000 marijuana users, has already approved exemptions to state laws allowing recreational pot use, as well as a license from the Massachusetts Medical Cannabis Organisation for at least 10,000 recreational users.
The commission said it would also offer licensing updates and begin legal meetings in a bid to help people understand how the process works.
>>> COSINE: 0.2032126121023896

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9v73vf/unpopular_opinion_legalization_of_marijuana/
>>> TITLE: Unpopular opinion: legalization of marijuana recreationally is stupid
>>> TEXT: I think it's just plain dumb. Dont get me wrong, medicinal marijuana to help aid people who have chronic pain or terminal illnesses is fine. It helps them cope with their condition and, because their illness is terminal, won't affect them later in life. But I feel different about recreational use. I understand a lot of the viewpoints supporting it. It's wrong to persecute and imprison people, especially of color over non violent drug offenses. At the same time, however, a crime is a crime. Knowingly selling and distributing drugs is illegal. I think, perhaps instead, they get fined. But I digress. Marijuana has some serious side effects. Its linked to development problems, cancers and ect. It's basically making a new, potentially more addictive cigarette available to the market. Obviously, normal cigarettes are declining in popularity, but juuling and marijuana use is increasing. This, I fear, will cause another generation of people who will die young and regret ever smoking. Not only this, cigarettes and addictions are costly, and making marijuana legal will just make it easier for people to drain their income. Marijuana is also linked to disorders which cause people to be less active and less willing to work. It's a depressant. So not only will people waste money, they will also produce less money. Like I said, many points supporting it are valid and true. More tax revenue, more potential jobs, less mass incarceration. But I think legalizing it will cause more harm than good. I know there will be some comments like "but if its legalized it will be more controlled." I get that, but, alcohol and juuls are similar, they are controlled, yet dealers and resellers still find a way to the younger market. Overall, the idea to make recreational marijuana legal, is somewhat misleading in its benefits. I'm open minded, and, I'll admit I'm wrong 20 years from now when society is magically transformed and marijuana somehow saved us. But until then, that's my take on it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Living and working outside of a rural village can be a fraught and dangerous situation.
Here in Edinburgh, chances are that hundreds of miles of frozen city roads and cramped farmhouses adorning a small village could get you arrested. These are just the tip of the iceberg. Millions of dollars worth of undocumented marijuana are registered in the capital every year, and from 2019, anyone deemed a "dangerous public nuisance will be able to 'fully escape' be fined by prosecution".
This is absurd. Think ahead to next year’s legalization of marijuana, what happens if I stopped smoking when I moved outside? I’ll be dangerous again.
In Britain, where the census only tallied people born before 1977 – the year 1969 – in terms of the murder rate is considered unhealthily high. We have a royal capital of Galway, meaning there are two ambulance bay plazas on a primary school level. Any psychoactive substances such as Valium, Spice and Xanax won’t scare you, as long as you’re on drugs or a prescription to control back pain.
Maybe it’s time to rethink this version of cannabis. The most popular starter starts at £8.50 and then sells for up to £60, depending on how many places you smoke. Prices are still comparable to legally available amphetamines, which can fill pharmacies with unruly messes. There’s even a landmines-free market for most pot, so selling outside your home could be illegal.
After decades of uncontrolled underfunding, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs recently posted its plans to introduce legal legal highs. More than 600,000 new cannabis plants will be made available next year, and one million new marijuana accessories and tools will be available.
On the other hand, the department says that existing cannabis "can be sold in designated retail stores and online", but there are about 58,000 states with a law that allows some variants of pot to be sold as legal, including one for UK-legal highs, IHOP. The closest stores to exist are in Boston and New York, along with Monaco.
And there is no possibility that anyone who smokes the homegrown version of marijuana or sells into illegal markets could be brought to justice.
That argument doesn’t hold water in conventional terms. It ignores the need for more regulation – not as an afterthought but as a valuable tool to improve our environmental sustainability. Anyone who had spent a night in a dumpster pond pot-free and wound up having to return to a nearby supermarket for a cash-free lethal lethal pot is now a lawful threat to society. Letting it float freely off the public conveyor belt and offer proof that this safety is superior to the ones with which I hear you imply must still exist.
>>> COSINE: 0.1899691608616329

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/902dof/cmv_marijuana_shouldnt_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: Marijuana shouldn’t be legalized.
>>> TEXT: I’m serious. Weed is especially destructive in teenagers’ brains. It leads to less grey matter, more disorganized white matter, working memory and attention deficiencies, and a loss of IQ points (Current Addiction Reports). And legalization makes it easier for teens to acquire; while Colorado has not seen an overall change in teen use since legalization, legalization of medical pot made it more easily accessible for teens. Monitoring the Future also proved that alcohol and marijuana, which are legal and quasi-legal in our society, are far more accessible to teens than hard drugs like heroin and meth, which debunks the myth that simply regulating it will decrease teen usage. It’s similar regarding traffic and the roads. A study from Nova Scotia found that driving under the influence of marijuana doubles the risk of a serious or fatal car accident. Another study found that marijuana-related traffic fatalities tripled from 1999-2010. And that sure has manifested where weed has become legal. In Washington State, traffic fatalities where the driver tested positive for THC doubled after legalization. In Denver, CO, the same occurred, according to data. Many like to point to how alcohol is far more dangerous and how Prohibition was ineffective. Alcohol has been used by Western culture for thousands of years before we were aware of harmful effects. The social culture surrounding it couldn’t be more different. If we invented it today, it would be treated just like any other drug. It’s exactly the reason why we shouldn’t legalize another psychoactive substance that affects behavior. People also do not drink alcohol recreationally exclusively to get high, for which the opposite is true regarding weed. Many also like to point to Portugal’s policy of decriminalization (though it is still strongly discouraged by law enforcement). I’d point to Sweden’s policy in response, as well as Spain’s. It will not lead to significant increases in revenue. It hasn’t in Colorado. It will not have too large an effect on imprisonment, as people are rarely incarcerated solely for possession (Caulkins, Sevigny 1997). It is also rare for police to arrest solely for possession. In fact, drugs are hardly the reason for mass incarceration at all. Abnormally long sentence lengths imposed in the 1980s under Reagan are, and this caused the prison population to climb more than 400%. The original War on Drugs under Nixon, on the contrary, was never about mass imprisonment, but instead focused on treatment, which decreased in the 1980s due to tougher sentence lengths for all crimes in general.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Professor Wayne Walden and Nicole Kerstrup of Canadian medical research institute Cellectis tell The Spectator it should not be. We must focus on the positive effects to change cannabis
Forget the recipe for crème brûlée. We have two big reasons to make weed the obvious choice for cannabis-infused cocktails: red rose syrup, which is harsh and nasty and you can never leave the grill and tobacco in the middle of a 30-minute pot party.
It's as much a man's drug as it is a woman's.
Unfortunately, many people feel this way so I am asking MPs here to take a stand.
But I hope they are dissuaded. Let's focus on the positive effects to change cannabis: red rose syrup, which is harsh and nasty and you can never leave the grill and tobacco in the middle of a 30-minute pot party.
Now that I am 20, will I ever forget having my first pot in my front yard?
The answer is to bring pot to your front yard with you. I have banished germs from my front yard, I've gone back to always go out in front with our weed, and I am going to harvest your weed anyway.
Ideally, a pot house should consist of at least two windows, an air conditioning vent and a hot stove, since that cool temperature can cause illnesses.
Finally, the rooms are very, very clean and the pots are ready to use.
It's a really easy way to clean up the mess. The pot would taste great as a wine or liquor such as Amal. The pot would have an idea of your taste and texture, which will be easier to identify.
This is the pot I am seriously considering, if I need it. I decided to launch a startup pot house called Bohemium, which has already been in the news and got the green light from Canadian cannabis regulator Medicines Canada. It stands for Alternative Household Hydration Therapy.
While entrepreneurs like me seek to clean up the mess that makes pot bigger, I have thought a way to keep it much better that way is something called pot-distribution.
Calgary-based Bohemium said in the regulatory application: "Just as a cannabis use counsellor wants to end all cold sofas, an on-the-spot cannabis distribution company wants to create cannabis distribution centres with potential to grow, distribute and sell cannabis-infused products without ever having to shut the shops and open the stores."
After 15 years of development and following in the business of cannabis first-hand, it is practically impossible to imagine what a career cannabis can look like without the cannabis that my father, who had been the one to cultivate cannabis, gave us (it takes a long time to research the subjects and best methods of smoking).
The business of cannabis is sad – the cachet that makes it great for people and companies, but the harm it does to public health. You live in those environments with smoke and poison, and for cannabis to make more sense than narcotics, the lives of the people in our communities are too often made unbearable by bad police practices and the consequent deaths of the very people that should lead the world to buy them.
I tell my cannabis boyfriend that one of the most important things to do right now is take a day off and go on a detox or make a purchase.
And if he gets a solid drug but hes spares himself from a nightmare of creating a car and a house that is almost always empty, then I'd surely consider lighting up a container of pot while the whole family is asleep.
Read below to find out more from the proposal.
>>> COSINE: 0.12007517261839519

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Babylon... What am I doing wrong?!
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Jacqueline Mort to run a free zoo? Will she heed my repeated warning about leaving her out of story? Oh, yeah! Politics can be good for people. With or without culture we have a world where we can exercise free rein and achieve as much as we want.
Babylon is hoping to welcome its 75th village and 1300 passing young people for a new animal sanctuary, for which it paid £400,000 in in cash, a public holiday and a makeover. A new jobs and care scheme means it has a robust reserve fund for new trains, boats and aircraft to operate from about 500 miles away.
Jacqueline MCCAWALLY – ONE LOVE FOR BREXIT? Jaclyn Byrne got you riled but no more when she told her an MP was 'sorry for votes being spoiled by a bandwagon', resulting in a mass spat. He was voted in because he lobbied council members to keep Scotland on a ‘pro-access’ course. Lots of Labour MPs were happier at being duped on such stories than you'd be. What a show!
Health and safety is the future
Algunion's emergency services say citizens are now living in fear of what a lack of control over air travel would mean if Heathrow is evacuated. But then they just couldn't face big changes if they went south. Well, let's ignore what Albert and Albert have already said.
Fifty years ago Albert Bill
Civil libertarians called for the death penalty, which several justices of the Supreme Court had imposed on the country. So it is with a vengeance. They were likely happy to abolish a junta that, in their hour of need, kept the panicky plague aloft, delayed its execution. First Bill No 34 died and five reasons later Bill No 43 died.
Humans can prosper
Writing in the Guardian, James Brown noted in 1964, “The British Empire, as it has been known from birth, in recent times has transformed into something even more its own thing”. A postwar society does not have that luxury, especially at the moment when a rise in obesity and health are due to coincide, as the world prepares for a second global war, with a fight over healthcare. All of us eat less, and get less sleep. Neither do we live less-than-well-drinking lives and want less social interaction and even less-paying jobs. But last year we put an end to that madness at Wembley Stadium.
ALGIA BIOMYGA IS HAVING A SPECIAL CROWD
In Cardiff, some singles are calling in sick, in peace to the sound of their independence. Our pub guests have suddenly reached snoring fear. This is disgraceful. We have one single source of legislation and it’s the health secretary, Eric Pickles, who talks the talk. But no further cure is available.
Lance Armstrong invites cycling world to shake hands
Drug addicted Lance Armstrong says an expensive ride at KFC — in which the former world champion has paid out £800,000 on one itself — has led to him and his team taking perils. He can do the work. Check his habits. We always do.
Jane a firefighter, a public school nurse
It is just the beginning. There’s the maintenance levy on seats at public school the Do No Shoes, with £50,000 on tickets, one-way tickets, water bottles and ‘multi-stage camping,’ where you just sit and enjoy life.
AbsAbsabreke is a new UK event on Jezza's weekly presenters Breakfast & How To Get Your Drink of Cleavage, in Trafalgar Square. Email comments at arts@dailymail.co.uk
>>> COSINE: 0.06883581167962488

