>>> URL: usasupreme.com/belfast-christian-bakers-sued-not-making-gay-marriage-cake/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: No one should be forced into making anything or doing anything against their beliefs! Sadly, Christian bakers Daniel and Amy McArthur from Northern Ireland were taken to court when they refused to make a cake for a gay wedding with a gay marriage slogan. The owners of Belfast-based Ashers Bakery declined an order placed by gay activist Gareth Lee for a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan, claiming the message was inconsistent with their deeply held religious beliefs. Through the legal proceedings, Asher’s manager Daniel McArthur insisted Mr. Lee’s sexuality was never an issue, rather the message he wanted the bakery to create. If equality law means people can be punished for politely refusing to support other people’s causes, then equality law needs to change,”-Mr. McArthur said. This ruling undermines democratic freedom. It undermines religious freedom. It undermines free speech. He added: What we refused to do was to be involved with promoting a political campaign to change marriage law in Northern Ireland.” “Because we’re Christians, we support the current law and we felt that making this cake would make us responsible for its message.” “We wouldn’t decorate a cake with a pornographic picture or with swear words. We wouldn’t even decorate a cake with a spiteful message about gay people because to do so would be to endorse and promote it.” He added: “In the meantime, other businesses will have to take advice about whether they have to refuse orders that conflict with their conscience or whether they have to be coerced as well into promoting other people’s views.” But unfortunately, the judge ruled against them and didn’t accept their defense that making this cake would go against their religious beliefs. The rights of the customer to demand any type of cake trumped their right to practice their religion in their own business. However, this hasn’t impacted their profits. The couple has seven outlets throughout the UK and the Republic of Ireland. And their 2016 profits were almost $300,000 higher than the prior years. They may have lost in court, but standing up for their rights and principles apparently has been good for their business! What happened to: “we have the right to refuse service to anyone.” I don’t want anyone mistreated but I don’t think that you should be able to sue for standing for a religious belief. You want to be except for what you believe but you are willing to take that right away from others who don’t support your lifestyle.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Last month, I met-school writer John McGrath in Santa Rosa. He is a lawyer and a University of New Hampshire grad, and I know that some of my colleagues would be interested in speaking to him about their feelings of insecurity about contemporary schooling. I also wanted to talk about the lofty dichotomy that educators have about learning, access, autonomy, and the public school system.
McGrath shared what he’s learned about the process of learning. For him, learning is more powerful than biology, geometry, calculus, and a whole host of other tests. Learning should come alive all the time. He’s led with many slides; he designed them.
For me, learning is not like everything else out there. Learning is no place where students interact with their professors. Yet, that’s exactly what older students have found fascinating to learn. They’re expressing why they came and where they went. They’re calling the experience “The American Dream.” They’re taking what I’ve thought “in depth” and telling the truth. They talk about the aspirations and strains of learning that come with achieving the American Dream.
For me, learning is like being in a fraternity, with everyone joining in on the pledge with no reasoning to speak of. They’re voicing what a brilliant undergraduate was trying to teach them, and how impressive it could be that he couldn’t have done it all. As a student, I can brag the difference between that first one in class and the following one in college. My brother Ryan told me his thoughts on this experience because he didn’t have to.
This is what my parents told me, so I can say this is how things worked out with me as a freshman, an uni freshman, or a UK drama student, or even aspiring to the advanced electronic universe. As I put it, we all knew what we were doing, but finding out just how good the environment was would be harder than navigating the fluidity and fractions of an essay or composition.
Let me say that all my peers are most aware of the developmental potential of academics and physics — we’re all capable of excelling in that as well. It’s up to us to decide what we want to learn to improve our ability in that area, and I want to think like a free thinker and not a clerk who thinks that all knowledge is bad.
In America, as Robert Lentz points out, there’s a prime student between the ages of 16 and 21 who has to prove his aptitude with homework before the end of the day. That student is usually remembered as the next leader, or an experienced mentor for the very young. On Monday, I planned to tell him.
The few scenarios that I’ve never had trouble with: a lazy child using a garbage can, a struggling teacher, or a school kid who ended up in a drug ring. What he comes across as isn’t inherently a bad one. The situation is as he sees it. The source of the problem is as a weak, awkward or weak-minded parent. He needs to realize that by the end of the day, he doesn’t understand why parents don’t always understand what’s going on, and then support him.
You can’t stop learning with your class, but you can start to understand and grow in our world. When a person does the same thing, a lot more people move on. By questioning this filter that allows a parent to define with a consistent, in-line approach to learning, that kid can use that filter and flourish. In more ways than one.
Gregory P. Nieves is a South Ridge co-author who helps aspiring writers make innovative, socially provocative work about education, political and social issues.

>>> COSINE: 0.09961164901835046

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: William Hill Premier Foods pursues u-topping its now venerable recommendation i-Ju juice makers Cuisinart and L’Oréal. It will have the top price, a pure activity of distribution, and big inventory, 14 cents a juicer.
This is a big victory for the incoming men’s body count. Former Bay Area rapper Wiz Khalifa hit the links earlier this year as he continues to invest in his first luxury profile with the launch of his fall album, The Career Continues.
Cuisinart’s full-service providers include MTV’s Upbeat (Jag Jack), West Coast’s Fatboy Slim’s Rainbow Joint (Buster Chase) and Celebrity Juice (Jag Jack). The company has data to put i-Ju Juice in the spotlight and plans to woo some of the main labels with retail partners if necessary. Rivals Will Foote, Foote 3 & Bacardi Blends are through the process.
The i-Ju owners include the fast-growing Yahoo! ShelfTM, sponsored by Victoria’s Secret. Yahoo! has a commitment to the i-Ju grill. Apple bought iQonus as one of the companies integrating i-Ju fronts. It’s the app-only gizmo that will share i-Ju deals in key retail chains, Cuisinart said, more than other products.
“To watch whether Cuisinart will collect a good deal of i-Ju sales is a testament to Apple’s expert track record of driving people shopping around and keeping up,” Oprah Winfrey said on her own iTunes TV show. “I used to recommend to other people her health companies, before that industry collapsed, if i-Ju was available in stores.”
Cuisinart talks in the details of the policy, so don’t expect for September release. Cuisinart said the promotions go nationwide on iTunes. The brand will also be featured in TV ads on Apple, QVC and i-uplis. Cuisinart expects to earn more than $40 million in marketing and distribution.
Cuisinart and L’Oréal will launch teas and other juices in autumn, while Miss Lime, its new “Surreal” scent, is already attracting customers, Cuisinart officials said.
Lime spokesman Paul Hunter said the relationship offers a “special fit for Cuisinart in terms of flavor and price points and positioning L’Oréal, with its distinctive legal rights, more than match what the company sells.”
Will Bill Hill rise in customer satisfaction and purchasing habits? Yes and no.

>>> COSINE: 0.07243117308477812

>>> URL: foxnews.com/us/oregon-bakery-owners-pay-more-than-135g-in-damages-over-refusal-to-make-cake-for-gay-wedding
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The owners of an Oregon bakery who denied service to a same-sex couple have paid more than $135,000 in state-ordered damages – months after refusing to do so – according to state officials Monday. Aaron Klein, co-owner of Sweet Cakes, by Melissa, dropped a check off for $136,927.07, according to the Bureau of Labor and Industries. The payment includes interest. Klein also paid $7,000 earlier this month. Damages were award in July for emotional suffering caused by the bakery which refused to make a wedding cake for Laurel and Rachel Bowman-Cryer more than two years ago. The bakers said they refused to make the cake because of their religious beliefs. The dispute goes back to January 2013 when Bowman-Cryer came into the shop with her mother for a cake-tasting appointment. However, Aaron Klein told the women that the bakery didn’t do cakes for same-sex weddings. The women filed complaints with the state and triggered a national debate over claims of religious beliefs against anti-discrimination laws. Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian awarded the damages nearly six months ago, saying the owners had violated the women’s civil rights by discriminating on the basis of their sexual orientation. They were also slapped with a gag order that prohibited them from speaking publicly about their refusal to participate in or bake wedding cakes for same-sex marriages. Aaron and his wife Melissa filed an appeal of the ruling and were defying the order to pay the damages before Monday. Tyler Smith, an attorney representing the Kleins, told The Oregonian that his clients have not abandoned their appeal of Avakian’s order. Smith said it was in their clients’ best interests to pay now rather than wait for the appeal date, which is slated for next year. The Oregonian reported the state has received a total of $144,000 from the Kleins. Charlie Burr, an agency spokesman, told the paper the payment might be more than what they owe. "We have been in touch with their lawyers throughout the process," Burr said. The amount might differ because of the accruing interest, according to the paper. A 2007 Oregon law protects the rights of gays, lesbians, bisexual and transgender people in employment, housing and public accommodations. The state ruled it also bars private businesses from discriminating against potential customers.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: It is late afternoon and the winter stock in the South has left New York. Which brings us to the near-future. We are about to enter a trade war, and it’s almost time to get ready to move on.
When it comes to winning the war, every possible threat to U.S. leadership is not deemed to be a threat. But there are major domestic economic challenges we’re faced with and we’re beginning to learn about them.
Money matters. Make no mistake, war is more than just politics. It is also a means by which we will eventually be able to control our economic destiny.
Fact: Wars are also political and economic. The driving force behind people’s hatred is undoubtedly the fact that they believe that President Trump is waging a war against a nation of immigrants, people of color, women, transgender people, foreign workers and Native Americans. This hatred is present, and it’s extremely destructive.
The trend line used to be the United States facing the threat of imminent war and, as such, President Trump has seemed to completely withdraw the U.S. military from the front lines, its track record of using incendiary rhetoric and throwing firebombs at the Muslim world and our military men and women in uniform and at home is appalling.
The war on terror has reached new lows, unprecedented mass atrocities have occurred, and we are about to lose our war on terror.
The world is now quickly moving from war to peace. There is no longer any moral dispute between right and wrong in life. There is now no rationale to claim at all that what is happening in America is terrorism. (By the way, ISIS is fueled by the same hypocritical attitude, that anyone accused of terrorism must be fired, but it is foreign policy that is the main reason.)
Make no mistake, we are entering into an impossible conflict and the worst possible time to end it. It is time to be prepared for a new era of war.
Congress has repeatedly extended funds to the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Reserve Bank. In short, Congress never balanced the budget.
The United States has had a historic shift in the direction of our interest-rate policy. Even though our primary interest rates, the benchmark of interest rates is the national interest, we could not agree on whether we wanted to raise them or not. Now we can have a discussion and a debate on how we are going to get our way.
Make no mistake: America is as a nation – arguably the world’s most important – and we are increasingly relying on its strength in the West to emerge stronger. We cannot forget that the economic struggles we face is a major part of America’s hope and success, a reason why the U.S. is finally heading in the right direction.
That said, and even as I write this, I see a rising tide lifting all boats. I’m certainly not raising taxes or “too much of everything” – but that does not mean that America has given up its fight for freedom.
In my latest column, I will outline the problems and opportunities that lie ahead, and I’ll detail them in the second part. But I believe that politics and war, however necessary they may be, are complementary. Their stakes are very different, and right now they look far different from their roles prior to or after the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.
The fight over trade disputes is going to be a unique one. However, there’s no doubt that there are still key problems to overcome. It’s really that simple. American politicians should never be directed to blame one particular person’s politics for what they disagree with, but instead focus on focusing on common issues like consumer protection, lessening threats to natural resources, lowering taxes and ensuring the security of the nation.
The war on terror has reached new lows, unprecedented mass atrocities have occurred, and we are about to lose our war on terror. It is time to be prepared for a new era of war.
This column is an opinion blog made by FOX News contributor and original host of "Conversations With Steve Kroft," Steve Kroft.

>>> COSINE: 0.06722082554888274

>>> URL: huffpost.com/entry/same-sex-marriage-laws-lgbt-teen-suicide-attempts_n_58ac934ae4b02eb3a982e288
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Living in a community that recognizes gay marriage can improve the mental health of all teens, according to a new study. State marriage equality laws enacted in the years before the 2015 Supreme Court ruling were linked to lower rates of suicide attempts among all high school students but especially among teens who identified as gay, lesbian, bisexual or unsure. Ultimately, the researchers found, for every year that same-sex marriage laws were in place, 134,000 fewer teens attempted suicide. This is noteworthy because queer teens are more than four times as likely to attempt suicide as their straight peers. While the study doesn’t demonstrate that these laws actually caused a reduction in suicide attempts, lead study author Julia Raifman theorized that having equal protection under the law may account for much of the change. “These are high school students so they aren’t getting married any time soon, for the most part,” said Raifman, a post-doctoral fellow at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health, in a statement about her research. “Still, permitting same-sex marriage reduces structural stigma associated with sexual orientation. There may be something about having equal rights ― even if they have no immediate plans to take advantage of them ― that makes students feel less stigmatized and more hopeful for the future.” Raifman’s theory is an important measure in this new political climate. Same-sex marriage is now federal law, thanks to the 2015 Supreme Court case Obergefell v. Hodges, but there are worrying signs that Republican politicians may start to undermine the right to marriage and LGBTG protections in general, both at the state and federal levels. Studies like this one show that equal marriage rights benefit those who want to marry someone of the same gender but also improve mental health for everyone, especially queer teens. “Policymakers need to be aware that policies on sexual minority rights can have a real effect on the mental health of adolescents,” she concluded. “The policies at the top can dictate in ways both positive and negative what happens further down.” Before 2015, only 35 states had legalized same-sex marriage. During this era, Raifman surveyed nearly 800,000 students of all sexual orientations from 1999 to 2015 about suicide attempts both before and after 32 states had legalized same-sex marriage. She also compared teen suicide attempts in states that legalized marriage to those in states that didn’t. Before the passage of same-sex legislation, nearly 9 percent of all teens and nearly 29 percent of queer-identifying teens had attempted suicide.
>>> SUMMARY: Tolerant societies have healthier, happier citizens. Period.
>>> GROVER: Putting the name of an active-duty military officer on a job you have to do absolutely has nothing to do with how you got the job. To that end, our homes are constantly being searched by potentially stressful agents who happen to be facing a very real problem.
I was wondering the best way to do this job and that aspect is a house search! However, there are days when that isn’t an option, so the house searches are when the situation arises. Is there a way for you to do it? What’s the tech backup if you don’t find a house you were in?
A House Search for Active Duty Armed Forces
It’s definitely not something that’s guaranteed to happen every day, but if you follow this checklist, there are plenty of ways that you can recover after the situation strikes, especially if you have short sentences.
Basically, do the search and ask the investigators to give you their life savings and life insurance information on the house (presumably for a good price). If they tell you your house is no longer occupied, you can save that money by reading the contract, which is usually done ahead of time, so you don’t have to wind up in an unwarranted alien invasion situation. You can also purchase coverage for a sudden need.
The operator who reviews all of the paperwork on your house website may have instructions to scan every half-page that appeared and turn the page before they begin the house searches. Doing this can actually be a short amount of time, but you will also need your first help, after you completely bury and pull the phone off your desk.
How Does it Work?
If the services and applicant are related, it’s very safe to assume they will automatically stop work the day they are told about your house search. From there, you can phone HomeAgain to get answers on a phone number you aren’t actually capable of using.
If you are taking the survey, take an inventory that includes your current job location and your prior experience. This will help get you out of the hunt.
How This Means for You
Marrying with Active Duty is just one of many opportunities that await you. But if you are not quite ready, you can still start looking for a job by purchasing a contract and turning the site over to Active Duty.
Have you found a job? Did a family member kill a Black person on their job you might be looking for? Would you ever hear about a job? Have you received multiple offers over the years that haven’t materialized or even worked out? If so, you should make sure you enroll to one of the options you have on your previous home search.
Stay in touch with Anna via our Amazon channel, FriendFeed, Or Feed her on Facebook or find her on YouTube.

>>> COSINE: 0.05520165664692246

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/6k968d/cmv_i_do_not_respectunderstand_people_who_are/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I do not respect these people. It's not their place to tell a pair of consenting adults that they have no right to get married. The only reason I know of is religious opposition. One, that is not secular. Two, you already selectively interpret your High and Holy Book as it is. If you are against gay marriage, as a significant number of people still are, I do not respect/understand your position and I consider your position unreasonable. Now let's be clear with the wording of this post. I am not asking you to convince me to be against gay marriage; that's highly unlikely to happen (not even Rule B-compliant tbh). I am asking you to convince me to understand that anti-gay marriage people come from a legitimate place, and that smart and sensible people can have different opinions on it. It's kind of like abortion -- I am pro-choice, but I can understand where the pro-lifers of the world are coming from, and I can say that I respect/understand their opinion however much I disagree with it. Or even with things like immigration, healthcare, and taxes -- I may disagree with the other side, but I can understand that it is an issue that reasonable people will disagree on. But I don't see how a reasonable person can disagree with gay marriage. Now, it's one thing if a private Church was being forced to perform gay marriages against it's will, or if a private Christian school was being forced to teach about birth control and homosexuality in sex ed against it's will; I can't condemn protesting against that. But when you are fighting against the rights of private individuals who have no impact on your lives getting married, you are putting forth an unreasonable position that I have no sympathy, respect or understanding for. Since a significant part of the country disagrees with me on this I would love to have this view changed because I feel like I am missing something.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Since The Final Countdown’s arrival five months ago, I have seen it every week on SiriusXM, streaming exclusively at home and back home. When I started streaming it, I noticed it was not all that different from Top Gear fans and not quite the motoring equivalent.
Instead of the kind of on-again, off-again cheery spectacles used by Auto-Tune, I am getting the classic episode of Top Gear that promises to reach every hipster, blogger and steptobe that can’t figure out How to do stuff. There’s the fake programme like Buckingham Palace for those, an interview with a prime minister’s aide, and even a night in a pub with a bar and a heater.
It’s something silly to say, but beyond its obvious appeal as being a funny frat party spot for yuppies, it is an incredibly insufferable late-night cliché. Did you think I would ever hear a moppet complain about being dragged over the head of 30 “frat boys”? Sorry I just threw your rocket launcher into the sewer in 1970 and burst into tears but there was.
I also stopped coming to a pub soon after Top Gear announced that they were moving away from Oxford Street. Now it’s across the road and Yvette Cooper keeps spinning on about how crazy it is to not be more British. When I went on a night out with Aaron Ramsey in my childhood home of Yorkshire – a town with white wood walls, and 10 black industrial-style houses that looked like little nightmares – I found a smattering of banter and attention-getting, late-night questions that made me chuckle more than really anything else.
The new editor of Radio 1 at the moment is none other than Mike Thalassitis, who has had a career spanning decades and has been a powerful voice for cars, thrashers and crime writers. His opinions are classic to Aussie pop: ruthless, right-wing, very glam. In recent years he has been on the BBC and moved into ITV as Chubb and Random House’s senior journalist in America. He has taken a bite out of motoring, which is having an adolescence low, and now vanishes after seeing Top Gear.
Mike hosts Radio 1’s Breakfast Show and his PhD degree is at the University of Nottingham. I’m up to 50 on the morning duties and already have a couple of kids (and my two tonsils). And a one-off sketch in the morning sees him eat cheese while toying with the idea of a vinyl-style train. He brought my Yorkshire home via a trip to Union Museum (the weird bay house of the Hothouse of the day) in which he watched an awesomely designed exhibition by Josh Solomons, created by Sir Anthony O’Higgins. I found the photographic exhibition somewhat dull and dull, but finished the life of journalism so excited he wanted a crash course into it. In the end his Top Gear exec convinced him to join Zee for The Big Flying Spokesman.
Despite being more late-night than my rivals, I still listen to Radio 1 as I write this. If you like it, you like it, even if it’s only 80% technically sound. The set looks like an early 1969 film made by Duke Toronto: Jenny’s Bad Liar. I enjoyed it when it starred William Hill. You can listen to it after the break and it sounds good.
Other Radio 1 episodes you’ll be seeing this week
Brought to you by @shaishamthat
Whether it’s Jeremy Clarkson’s Amy 10 (sniff) or Alan Sugar’s Sarcasm On Porky Pig (sniff), of course you’ll see each presenter’s ritual-foolery.
And we hope this is the last one you think will include Top Gear.
Find out why David Shearer – the founder of the Commonwealth weblog C.S.I. Money – got on with Kanye West and Tulisa when he appeared on F5’s Challenge Challenge in 2004. He’s releasing his own news video next week.
You can also reach us at: jethings@commentisfree.co.uk

>>> COSINE: 0.09191337890399787

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7dhhky/cmv_there_is_no_biblical_reason_to_oppose_gay/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The Biblical arguments I have heard against gay marriage go something like this: certain passages in Leviticus are quoted, pointing out that under the Old Testament law, homosexual acts were punishable by death certain New Testament passages are pointed out, for example, where Paul explains that because societies forget God, he gives them up to "unnatural acts" for example, homosexual sex. My point of view: this is not a sufficient argument to show that one should oppose changes in the legal definition of marriage, even if one accepts that homosexual acts are condemned. My reasons: The questions "should I allow myself to do X" and "should I allow others to do X" are separate moral questions. The Bible often draws this distinction - in fact, Christians who feel compelled for religious reasons to impose dietary restrictions on themselves are explicitly warned not to try to impose them on others. It does not automatically follow, even if you are certain that gay sex is wrong, that it is your personal mission to prevent others from engaging in it. The questions "Should I allow other Christians to do X" and "Should I allow unbelievers to do X" are, in Biblical ethics, separate moral questions. For example, believers are warned to separate themselves from people who claim to be Christians but engage in sexual immorality, but in the same passage told that it's fine to be friends with sexually immoral unbelievers. Therefore, it does not automatically follow that convictions about God's opinion on gay, sexually active Christians has anything at all to do with how you should treat gay, sexually active non-Christians. Thirdly, the Bible says nothing explicit about homosexual marriage. It may be something that the early Christians never thought of (though one would presume God knew about the issue). The Biblical arguments about same-gender marriage, generally, derived from passages stating that God ordained marriage, and the wording of these passages indicate two different genders. Also, since marriage is a metaphor for the relationship between Christ and the church (this is in the Bible), marriage is a holy institution (this is also in the Bible), and therefore should not be "split apart". However, this has little to do with how secular governments define marriage - in the context of those passages, the Bible is specifically condemning divorce between Christians. In fact, the Bible even permits a believer, abandoned by an unbelieving spouse, to remarry ("the brother or sister is not bound in such circumstances" 1 Cor 7:15).
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Flawed veganism means you don't have to eat meat: a scientist takes us through the best of our favourite animal tracks Read more
Nutritionally, meat contains very different parts that underlie how we eat. A vegan diet delivers the same calories as the rest of the world but you should have a decent balance.
Published last week by SETI for the Southern Life course at Princeton University in the US, the article delves deeper into animal protein and discovers surprising side-effects of meatloaf for me, where all other nutrients are hurt, and the only way to cure it.
Most natural brands of meatloaf even contain avocados, so what better way to apologise for our contributions?
Animal advocates say these good-for-you vegan diets drain energy from the body and cause malnourishment; this is the word that turns people into computer whizzes. A diet rich in proteins, fat and carbohydrates can treat some poorly. Caffeine is an effective way of breaking down toxins, and vegan diets help boost your potassium levels. Vegan meatloaf that appears on the menu isn't vegan yet, but it does have some of the common ingredients left out by animal-free diets: fibre, vitamins, minerals and protein.
Traditional body-conscious diets with meat alongside rich in other minerals eat the same high-glycemic hormone (G-HCV) protein which usually causes headaches and vomiting in animals. It even wreaks havoc on your appetite, leading to overeating. The more vegetables you eat, the more food you add.
Q. I have fish and fish oil. What are the side-effects of vegetable oil?
A. Meat can leach into our food culture, and are unhealthily toxic. The meat lobby's stance on vegans is clear: you can't consume beef or poultry at all.
Relaxed for now: vegan recipes every Friday. All may seem high-fibre at first, but it cuts out the most potent compounds from your panoply of foods.
Q. How much oil do you use?
A. You can get half the oil on everything and you don't need to use all other additives, of course.
MORE: Vegetarians a cause for intense debate
(Laura Monaghan is an award-winning food writer living in London.)

>>> COSINE: 0.024681955016610295

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9mht9v/same_sex_marriage_is_not_real_marriage/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I was raised as a Christian conservative. Also, I'm not some backwoods hillbilly that has never been exposed to alternate lifestyles. I'm a well educated faculty member at one of the top tier academic institutions in my area (and get exposed to all sorts of people with different backgrounds as a result). I have always been taught that marriage is between one man and one woman as God intended. I do not hate gay people at all. I have met some pretty awesome gay people before. What I hate is the attempt to place same sex marriage and traditional marriage on the same level as if they are the same thing. They aren't. I also don't agree with the argument that "everyone should have the right to marry who they love". No. You don't have that right. Love is only one factor in marriage. It isn't the only factor. Just because a 15 year old high school student and their teacher fall in love doesn't give them the right to marry. I'm also sure there are weirdos out there who fall in love with a family member. That doesn't give them the right to get married. Marriage is about love, yes. But it's also about being productive members of society and building a healthy biologically created nuclear family unit. Same sex marriages cannot do that for society. It's only second best. It's also not about "equal rights". Gay people have the exact same rights that straight people do. A gay man has the same right to marry a woman that a straight man has. Redefining marriage is an additional right that straight people are not given. If I as a straight man do not have the right to redefine marriage, a gay man shouldn't be given that right either.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This is a continuing article by Sergei Martin Scorsese about The Wolf of Wall Street and the new film, which opens Friday
George Clooney to ‘take on huge water projects’ of West Side Story
George Clooney will direct a film in which he will play a poorly-trained equestrian who lands on the unlikely icy river Styx.
In the vein of La La Land, Leonardo DiCaprio will play the man who led the terrible Wall Street bank bosses to jail and surrender his power.
Clooney was famously opposed to John Hancock’s inclusion as a proxy in the 1974 original, which famously played John Hancock in the local troupe La La Land.
The idea that he was uncool to take on a large swanse of water was an on-screen no-no, but it became Scorsese’s muse.
When it emerged that he was attached to the project, Clooney responded: “I was there at the end of every movie. I was there all the time.”
Clooney and DiCaprio are back at it again for Leviathan, which stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Rachel Weisz, who played a struggling Washington lobbyist on the same map.
Styx, which is limited to 25 minutes, arrives in cinemas as filming ramps up. Clooney is set to play a 77-year-old man with dreams of becoming a teacher.

>>> COSINE: 0.0374983536724717

>>> URL: usasupreme.com/father-train-asking-gang-stop-smoking/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Many of us have become inured to the presence of violence. Its ubiquity in the news and, for some of us, in our own neighborhoods has numbed us to the shock of this largely preventable condition. The video below offers a sobering reminder of the reality of the costs of violence–financial, human, physical and emotional. We have a violence problem in America. But not from real Americans who are patriots and love their country, usually the violence is conducted by some low scums and thugs who should have their citizenships removed! Kennan Jones was the latest victim of a behavior like this he was attacked by a black gang on Sunday as they rode towards Deep Ellum in Dallas, Texas. He had asked them to stop smoking marijuana on the Dallas Area Rapid Transit train. The group included young men and women who punched him and threw him against the train’s doors before arriving at the station. Some of them pushed off the handle poles to kick Jones from the air. A fellow passenger filmed the attack and shared the footage with DFW, CBS’s local station in Texas. In the video, at least one other passenger tries to intervene but it slapped away. Jones was taken to hospital after the incident but has since been released. He had visible facial injuries when he spoke to the network. Everything just went from 0 to 100. I’m just very happy to be here… happy to hug my kids,’ he said. The man said he tried to recoil during the attack and told the gang: ‘OK, OK. Y’all win,’ but they persisted. That is despicable behavior. The man should not have asked them to stop smoking but should have reported it to the Police. These people are vile and scum. Hope they get caught and put inside. Hope the man gets better soon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Has your boss informed you that your job entails a “major shift in service”? If so, you’re about to have a change at work. Or is it just a reaction to their recent decision to reduce the number of qualified employees at their company’s 8,000 employees? Who are we to believe, one employee or one boss?
In line with their declining revenue for the first half of 2017, Hectic Health employs a new CEO with seven years of leadership experience, a commitment to increased efficiency, and financial responsibility, and is clearly an innovative company. The management team has been exceptional in its deployment of clinical programs, refining health needs and adjusting business strategies to bring back into keeping with the company’s long-term mission. The new CEO has not only implemented digital media to improve patient care at Hectic Health, he has also improved employees’ supply chain, delivered quality services and dealt with issues with quality and management.
Most importantly, the newly hired CEO has established the highly competent and respected women and youth in the organization who will stay on top of the day-to-day operational issues at Hectic Health, and welcome new leadership. This appointment is of paramount importance to Hectic Health’s long-term growth strategy, and it provides a foundation for successfully managing the organization’s growth in the coming years.
Whether a new woman or a new man, a new level of leadership is needed within Hectic Health to drive the company forward. Indeed, the next CEO will be the fulfillment of a long-held goal of expanding the workforce, improving safety and employee satisfaction at Hectic Health, and setting the stage for future growth for the company.

>>> COSINE: 0.026038682892576007

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: What a fantastic week! May we see you, Marco, for so many reasons — security, taxes, Meals on Wheels and a vote to fix the Senate’s broken experiment.
It’s the most successful effort that Republicans have ever put forward, and we’re grateful to them. This week, consider the Alaska’s cap on what Alaska’s Governor can raise in a statewide cap. Borrowed from the national cap on Alaska taxes, one can demand a barrel full of Dracula juice and discounts are proposed to excise the cap entirely from Alaska’s books. One can only hope.
Here’s what Republican legislators are proposing. An amendment to the Transportation Modernization and Accountability Act would affect future road construction in Alaska. An amendment to the Alaska Defense Authorization Act would require that environmental and economic study requirements of a National Environmental Policy Act be met before necessary spending cuts are made. Where spending cuts begin, an amendment would build timelines for Alaska’s reclamation of its most massive dams, the Alaskan Outer Banks and the East Channel. The amendments also include extra fees for visiting tourists.
This proposal brings together groups charged with carrying on an experiment in higher education that cannot survive when more bureaucrats are given the task of arriving at conclusions. The Alaska Senate is not seen as a place for political purpose. It is as a gate to corporate welfare as it is an institutions of education. One will not find my notes on the House and Senate floor meaningless. There is much disappointment over the conditions of this experiment. The Associated Press cites one city in the state where Walker was running for governor. He had more votes, passed more cuts, killed the Alaskan REFINANCING Act, dissolved or reorganized the largest state savings account and replaced it with a Constitutional amendment in the South Dakota Legislature. And he did the California campaign, again because Republicans at the Capitol like the media lures that job at home.
The Alaska Senate is a unique way to make life a little more comfortable for the middle class. It’s remarkable that for one person to make it. It is not encouraging. The Senate is not standing for anything to restore the permanence of the fundamental product or content of this greatest product, and certainly not their chance at legislating for life.
Senator Larson would like to know: What does the Jeff Sessions Justice Department advise you? What do you think of Mr. Trump going on these adventures? What do you support? Why does Jared Kushner and his family obey Mr. Trump? What should the blame be? And should the illegal campaign victory be an appeasement to Democrats? Any suggestions?
The Senate President would like to ask the Chair of Senator David Perry to list a number of questions or advisors that affected his feelings on Mr. Sessions, except he might want to use an electric flash-bang drum or an electric guitar to blast his concerns in a mixed message, however misguided, or to encourage a resolution.
The Alaska State Republican Executive Committee will be accepting nominations to fill vacancies in the Senate on Thursday, April 18, through Wednesday, May 21, at 11:00 a.m. We hope you will please welcome the nominees, and we will make the final decision for you. Thank you.

>>> COSINE: 0.07611295718207123

>>> URL: foxnews.com/health/marijuana-legalization-illinois-michigan-midwest
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The recreational market selling marijuana is coming to the Midwestern states, and the expensive, challenging industry is bringing a patchwork of legal and cultural snares. The start of legal sales in Michigan on Dec. 1 and in Illinois on Jan. 1 brings a climate to the Midwest where some neighboring states allow limited marijuana use for medical purposes. But, none other has moved to permit recreational use. Officials have been renewing warnings against the dangers of “canna-tourism” and carrying marijuana products over state lines, The Associated Press reported. In Michigan, where $4.7 million of recreational marijuana was sold in the first three weeks of December, regulators said they did not know how much was bought by out-of-state customers. But, many shop owners said business has been brisk, particularly from neighboring Ohio and Indiana and nearby Illinois. “There’s been people from all over,” said Bart Kupczyk, a co-owner and director of retail at Ann Arbor-based Greenstone Provisions, one of 23 Michigan retailers licensed for adult-use recreational sales. “Ann Arbor is close to Ohio. It’s a destination city in its own right as a fairly well-known college town.” Some 45 miles to the south in Morenci, a town of 2,100 people along the Ohio border, a dispensary has reported that a majority of its customers hailed from Ohio, where only medical marijuana has been legal. Another retailer in Morenci secured its state license last week. “It is important for residents of Ohio and nonresidents traveling through the state to understand possession of marijuana remains a criminal violation in Ohio, even if it is purchased legally in another state which permits recreational use,” said Staff Lt. Craig Cvetan, public affairs commander for the Ohio State Highway Patrol. Illinois is the 11th state to allow marijuana’s use and sale broadly, shrinking early states’ market advantages and abilities to draw tourists. Illinois marijuana company executives said they’ve trained employees to remind nonresidents that their products cannot legally be transported across state lines and can be consumed only in private homes or hotels that permit it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: My late father was a legendary teacher who taught me classes like this at Eleanor Roosevelt High School. My father taught me how to prepare for a deadline and prepare for the intramural trials that ensued.
He is described as the principal of all three schools that were historically influential,, or are specifically associated with his teaching ability. In his words, he would instruct students from among different groups of males. He was also always extremely careful in what he would say.
No matter how severe his problem, he would always add highly thought-out words and phrases to help devise and build a plan for the coming weeks and months.
In 1900, when I was at Eleanor Roosevelt High School, my classmate and I spent the Saturday morning behind the door of our classroom, our earliest memories. Our earliest memory is from the 1947 Parade of Nations.
We made it to the podium in silence; the audience applauded and the president did not mention anything. The only thing I remember is when President Harry Truman was in Congress; he was up. The first thing I remember from our tour was when President Roosevelt called to congratulate him on not only being elected president of the United States but being both elected and President of the United States. He had lots of wonderful words to share.
When we got to the second plaque, we spent a long time preparing for the event. When we received a powerful sendoff from all the dignitaries, to be on the highest podium with a thank you to all the wonderful folks on the Hill, we passed out plenty of chocolates and roses. These were for a program that would have included omitting all the late-comers. The Thursday after his proclamation, I thought I wanted to attend or borrow an orchestra, but to me, it was simply too technical.
The event changed my life. I was unable to complete any of the pre- and after-stamps in the late 1930s. I still don’t know the actual date of the occasion. However, I have my personal memories of the entire event and the experience.
In 1939, I was in elementary school and watching the battle against Nazi Germany. I was given a new assignment and heading into the fourth grade. I remember the scenes of the first train being bombed. I also remember a passing train containing women who were massacred. We saw a scene in the choir of the New York Temple. I thought I had gotten to act in my movie “Pretty Woman” and thought I had "The Last Picture Show.”
To this day, I still remember “The Last Picture Show.”
Every now and then a well-written story tells a magical story about a young actress and a young a boy who get a role at the audition who gets a major turn in the movie. Some of the girls from the audition had gone through a huge rewrite. In my experience, they could have become stars of the flick.
Because I attended Roosevelt, I never had the chance to do interviews for a movie. Of course, I was a proud member of the Roosevelt community. So, my father was always a faithful uncle. I have always been privileged to have a nickname from my father — "Power Duke."
John Barry is an educator, author and advocate for the preservation of education. He founded Big Wave Children’s Theatre Company and spent many years in the production business. He is a founder and a former host and chief executive officer of The World’s Most Powerful Zones. Follow John on Twitter: @dojoccaconf

>>> COSINE: 0.037738834723912554

>>> URL: nytimes.com/2019/03/17/us/politics/marijuana-legalize-democrats.html
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: People in Colorado still remember John Hickenlooper’s crack after the state legalized marijuana, a move he opposed: “Don’t break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly.” But Mr. Hickenlooper, the governor at the time of the 2012 initiative allowing recreational use of cannabis, eventually changed his mind. He acknowledged that fears of increased use by children did not materialize, and he boasted of the tax revenues for social programs that regulated sales delivered. Entering the Democratic presidential race this month, Mr. Hickenlooper joined a field already jammed with pro-legalization candidates, a reflection of swiftly changing public opinion since Colorado became one of the first of 10 states with legal recreational marijuana. The issue today is a pillar of progressive politics, but not because of graying hippies who like their Rocky Mountain High. Rather, for many Democrats, legalization has become a litmus test for candidates’ commitment to equal treatment for all races in policing and criminal justice as well as fighting economic inequality. “A Democrat who is not on board with legalization or addressing it in terms of repairing harms brought by prohibition for decades is going to have a tough time convincing any voter they’re serious about racial justice,” said Vincent M. Southerland, executive director of the Center on Race, Inequality and the Law at New York University Law School. Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey last month introduced the pointedly named Marijuana Justice Act, which would remove the drug from the federal list of controlled substances and expunge past convictions. Supporters note that African-Americans are almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than whites, even though rates of use are similar. “It’s not enough to legalize marijuana at the federal level — we should also help those who have suffered due to its prohibition,” Mr. Booker said in a tweet. Other 2020 candidates in the Senate quickly signed on as sponsors, including Kirsten Gillibrand, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris. Beto O’Rourke, who often hedges when asked about contentious policy issues, has endorsed the federal legalization of marijuana unequivocally. Asked about it Thursday — at his first event as a presidential candidate, in Keokuk, Iowa — Mr. O’Rourke framed his position as a matter of practicality and racial justice, given that people of color are imprisoned at disproportionate rates for drug offenses. “I say this as the father of a middle school student, where middle schools are one of the fastest growing markets for marijuana sales today,” he told a coffeehouse crowd.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Suburban Atlanta residents are no stranger to down and dirty streets, but there are some things you can do better in central Atlanta, South Carolina. In an effort to connect with communities that regularly go south of Atlanta, the Neighborhoods of Southeast Atlanta is creating 4 homes that will raise awareness of the area’s residential needs and sustainability.
The Neighborhoods of Southeast Atlanta began this year, and will give visitors the chance to live and breathe the region’s connected quality of life. The trend behind the new concept is new suburbs like Fulton and Robeson, which will require developers to develop beyond current structures and replaces them with one with suburban neighborhoods.
Above, Tracy Britt, CEO of Neighborhoods of Southeast Atlanta.
Perhaps the most surprising way to address community issues has been how much space you spend on dining, especially since other areas in South Carolina are more urban. The number of Downtown Atlanta restaurants decreases in urban areas, which seems to be one area where healthier food options are available. A study of restaurants’ ground-floor areas by a team of economists came to those results — certainly a good starting point for a fresh approach.
Here’s more from the Lowes.com blog about the Neighborhoods of Southeast Atlanta, from Kenneth DeWalt, who was appointed to the city’s Neighborhood Improvement Commission as director:
If you’re unfamiliar with low-income communities on a scale of 1 to 10, the neighborhood consists of 20 large undeveloped sections, each with at least 25 rooms and 33 square feet of retail space to open up to the world. Its bars and restaurants are across the street from some of the most vibrant downtown areas, where limited options for food, drinking, and shopping abound. But the things that are plentiful in low-income housing vary greatly, from sprawl and block congestion to severe aging problems that have been chronicled in urban areas.
Here’s the area’s landscape:
The findings of this study, released last year, showed no evidence that there is more free access to food than in citywide areas. Instead, the study found, the amount of resources the region has per capita reduces the average 10- to 15-year budget for food service jobs by 12 percent, and the number of people served in food service jobs by 13 percent. Each year, we do not see more people serving as a result of cheaper market rates for food.
Image via CityCenterAtlanta.org
Follow us on Twitter and @GlobeStories

>>> COSINE: 0.051137214657870494

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/aowh26/cmv_marijuana_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: So my glorious senator from my home state Ron Wyden has introduced a bill to legalize marijuana in America. Although I doubt it will actually get passed I think that it ought to. Here are my reasons for why it ought to be legalized: It was made illegal in the first place due to racist fear-mongering and stories made up by people who are clearly ignorant of marijuana and it's effects (i.e. Reefer Madness) Although this is sort of a separate issue, the designation of marijuana as a Schedule I drug is absurd, especially when you look at how other illicit drugs are classified. By definition, Schedule I drugs, are defined as drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. The first point is false, marijuana has some medicinal usages such as helping with pain or appetite in cancer patients. Does marijuana have a high potential for abuse? Well, it certainty has a potential for abuse, but is it really worse than meth, cocaine, or fentanyl (which btw are all Schedule II)? I'm well aware that marijuana is not a harmless drug, but look at alcohol and tobacco which are both legal and significantly worse for you than marijuana is. Doesn't make sense that two of the worst substances are perfectly legal whereas weed (which is less worse for you) is demonized and illegal I'm not really knowledgeable about economics so I may be totally wrong but legalizing weed could improve the economy by providing a new business to sell goods and such Legalizing weed will make it easier to do research on its long term effects so we can finally figure out the true risks of smoking it
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Killer boilsay, disgust in the dirt, now simmering amongst us
A good snares session sounds like a tough task, but if you were going to keep it from me, it would be for a good cause. There is a handsome medical charity on the front lines of the fight against a deadly disease called killer boilsay, a headache-filled ailment when you slip one of the toxic oil gasses in your face. It’s a disease that it takes some time to cure, so if you have ever found yourself falling or hobbling or unconscious, it’s worth a go – as a keen lesson in how to cope with pain.
It can take years to get rid of it, but the term “killer boilsay” was coined when we got stranded in our stomachs with a dousing of raw oil in the water bath. When you find yourself hanging from the bedside lamp with a machete attached to the neck, it is a good fortune that most of us are OK with that, but when we use this alternative, where this comes from, we are safe.
Our body’s natural response – to help clear our face and rid of patches of blood – is to throw away more than a few toxins. Blocked pills often contain nutrients necessary to ensure they are not making you worse. Crackers could be a good strategy, but it will do you a disservice if you decide to delay these “fantastic” injections.
This means you will need to register any toxic levels of Cracker to prevent getting wiped out when you use it. For those of you who live in your own home, know that this is a very effective way to encourage exercise and get as much sleep as possible. People with severe skin disorders and those in physical pain can take this to be used to ease a part of their illness and ease their pain, or to get off antidepressants and medications – alternative drug treatments.
However, this concept is not the same as treating a mysterious illness like tardiness or low energy. It can be discovered when you use a syringe, put a bug in a rag, and feel the pain in the affected area. A cat will help with nausea, and, taking an ultra-dreadful meds such as Diploplasmo, Hulfodil, Diplolon or Assiroglyphaxes can greatly alleviate it. Infectious disease can feel like a burden to anyone, but more seriously, there are chemicals from many different parts of the body that can cause depression and even death. If you do accept that getting rid of any toxins, use the medicine provided – if they work.
Better still, you can start by refusing a pill every three weeks or six months – just long enough that every few days you are doing it. I recommend applying a stenting – an ointment/injector that cushions up the afflicted area, relieves the excruciating pain, and isn’t too complicated. You will also find a method to freeze seaweed, which removes some of the toxins. That’s especially beneficial since it will remove many of the poisons and toxins around your skin.
There are other symptoms to fall victim to of the deadly killer boilsay, though: a headache and difficulty falling asleep, which can be fairly unpleasant. There are certain medicines which don’t cause ill effects; but those people with a serious headache will suffer, too. There is also a non-alcoholic substitute for cheap alcohol, which is also prescribed, but both are surprisingly effective.
For much more tips on how to deal with many of these deadly illnesses and common ailments, including symptoms such as nausea, lack of sleep and coughing, visit Dying With Love.

>>> COSINE: 0.07979313170282182

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/ac7y3q/cmv_cannabis_should_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: So here is my opinion on the legalization of Cannabis: It's prohibition was not justified. After the failure of the alcohol prohibition in the states, government officials needed a new enemy: Cannabis. After picking the only negative opinion of a scientist, they proposed it to the Un and they actually agreed (obviously, this is a very simple version of it). Countries like Germany protested but were silenced through it's pharma industry lobbyists, as they saw a danger in this drug making some of their products obsolete. Cannabis can be used as a painkiller, to calm people with behavioral syndromes and some claim even against other diseases. Although it is legalized for medical purposes in some countries, supply is low and the prices ridiculous, as insurances won't pay for it. Cannabis is less harmful than Alcohol and Nicotine. The only risks of consuming it are a psychosis (I'll adress these again) or damaging your lung through smoking (minimized by vaping or edibles). When you're high you drive better and calmer than when you're drunk (driving while high should still be illegal). It destroys a branch of the black market, as people can just buy it (btw. governments can earn millions through taxes). Dealers can't offer you "harder" drugs, as you won't be buying from them but from highly regulated official vendors. Through controlling the balance of THC and CBD the danger of psychosis is also lowered. Black market Cannabis tends to have a higher and higher dosis of THC, because it is more efficient and worth more. This means a higher danger of psychosis. With regulated Cannabis though, this problem can be regulated as mentioned above. This is a short version of my argumentation. I am aware that I may have been not accurate enough or not told everything, so you don't have to hate on me. But honestly I think you can't change my mind and that it's a question of time that everyone can enjoy their joint in peace, no matter what country you're in. Best regards.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This is looking awkward for me
Here is another piece of right-wing conspiracy theory to ponder which one I most enjoy as a sitting member of the Lucas Box family. (Sorry, the debate has gone back to headspace. No one more disliked me. I found plenty more.)
After the 2016 election, Prince George was named an Australian citizen when John Howard unseated him after it was revealed his Cambridge University (America's great geek) background (he originally studied as a navy scientist) means he was born as an Australian.
It was a light-hearted country man, in the mind of the people of Britain in our Victorian heyday. How ironic that Queen Elizabeth had chosen an Australian high social status of Kate Middleton to replace Prince William as heir-apparent.
Prince George William received his A degree in computers Science in 2003, was 25 when the Spanish Inquisition beat him out of his father on the ring-hunting job for a living he undertook as a showgirl in London.
It was a happy childhood and Sir George was the man who came up with the slogan "Kate Middleton was a royal baby".
Kate, whose rights as a baby was protected by the UK Constitution but not given the right to be born in the US, ascended to a page in the history books of royal pop glory from a princess who did not look the part.
I spoke to Princess of Wales about this and grew up on that notion. When I was a teenager I was surprised to hear the first name in a baby book. After watching a play on the radio one time, I had the night off because it was Wednesday night and so I had the view that a huge spooky tale would end with Kate and Prince George sitting down to watch the George playing Scrabble with his brother Prince Louis.
But I was never quite sure of the lines and I quickly made the decision to choose Prince George.
The Beatles-basically was born out of an inestimable basic fascination with the “disenfranchised small pockets” of our world. These mini-autonomous places of disenfranchised small pockets didn’t exist until the Beatles recorded their upcoming album “All I Want For Christmas” in 1972.
So I loathed the Beatles but I didn’t want to leave home to see the destruction caused by the political action of 1970. So, here is the brilliance of what we all do, where we don’t live, in Australia.
I got stuck in a gutter near the Sydney Opera House for a Biggie-sized Picnic party. A relative of mine didn’t want to attend because she didn’t like the recent Surrealist satirical documentary about “artists obsessed with 1970s London”. My sister’s sister was at the all-girl band Radarsky on Ballydoyle at the time but she wasn’t able to attend because her sister worked in New Zealand at a coffee shop.
The bubble of the “Australian cultural crush”, the very notion of having a domestic partner like a European and a major bond a state, formed in 1973 when a then woman Bernie Cooper won Australia’s first-ever test ball in a highly technical backstroke.
I gave up managing a shitload of money after being named as President of the Federation of the Australian Commodities (Carrots), for the purchase of a fancy $600,000 yacht named after me which I still occasionally make myself. I can, I think, least afford it.
And remember: My other son has just two older brothers and I can least afford a lawyer; my daughter is 12 and I barely have the time to defend (as of recently, they ran away from home while her dad was working the island island as a research agent but a regular park ranger)and I’m incensed that I’ve ever been compared to the man who created a British analogue, BBC satire show where a riven sparring team make a show of their partisan carnage.
Enjoy the commentaries, but stick with the good humour. It’s probably more of the same, the same old bon mots of all the presenters.

>>> COSINE: 0.05147369507237332

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/8spy7n/marijuana_should_not_be_legalized_for/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: When I was younger, I was the textbook "young libertarian" who hated anything the government did to restrict even the most insignificant freedom. But as I became older, I began to realize more and more that "intrusive" government regulation is nessicary, not only to protect people from people from themselves, but also to maintain a functional society. There are a couple of reasons why I dislike Marijuana, and none of them are very major, but when they are all considered together, I think they make a compelling argument. Safety. I'm going to cheat on this one a little. The jury is still out on the effects of marijuana on cognitive development, and there is debate on wheater the act of smoking can cause lung issues. What can be safely said though is that smoking Marijuana isn't particularly healthy. At least not compared to other things you could be spending your time and money on. Another aspect to consider is DUI and other hazards caused by impairment. Our society already has a major problem with drunk driving, so why add high driving into the mixture? The real hazard here comes from how quickly Marijuana acts on the nervous system. While it usually takes 2-3 beers to cause significant impairment, a single hit from a joint is enough to impair most people. Economics. A major arguement for legalization is that revenue from Marijuana will stimulate the economy. And this is true for a short period of time. What people fail to realize however is that Marijuana will negatively impact the consumer in the long term. Money spent on Marijuana is like money spent on Alchohol. Usually when money is exchanged for a good, that product either directly or indirectly assists the comsumer in a meaningful way. Money spent on any drug does not provide significant tangible benefit. A large Marijuana market would serve only to take money from the hands of the consumer while not providing any afforememtioned tangible benefit. Money in the hand of the consumer is what ultimately stimulates the economy, not money in the hands of wealthy Marijuana companies. No turning back. I'm sure you're familiar with prohibition and how that all ended up. What prohibition taught us is that once a product (especially a drug) is introduced into a population, it is EXTREMELY hard to remove that product. The same concept applies to Marijuana. Essentially, once Marijuana is legalized, there is no turning back.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The queen of Britain bought up more shares than any single member of the US Congress
The queen of Britain bought up more shares than any single member of the US Congress last year – four times the average price paid by investors in US shares, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said.
This has sent shockwaves through Wall Street and raised fears that investors have lost faith in the power of politics in a high-stakes world of inter-connected businesses.
The most recent of many European debt crises, which US investors were reluctant to take on, has put pressure on the country to establish a pan-European bond-buying scheme.
Those worries have clearly lifted in recent days.
In Europe, politicians have stressed the importance of protecting consumers, something which the European Commission has not always done.
The data is now back in the public eye, with Europe starting to spend more on social security and on education.
Senior Cabinet ministers, who used to come from US states, have thrown their hats into the race for all public offices in Europe.
The move by Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party to seize control of the central bank has also brought into question the Keynesian view.
“Every day is a wake-up call. Government and the economy are in a crisis,” said Adam Spencer, the Labour deputy parliamentary leader.
But the six-month surge in the economy was driven by the private sector borrowing. The jobless rate has risen sharply in recent months to 5.3%, the highest in Britain’s modern history, and the highest level of borrowing in almost three decades.
Austerity
“People in a lot of different parts of the UK are now forced to contemplate spending cuts and austerity. We think that the US is starting to see some of that and then a bit of a growth slowdown,” Spencer said.
Since the last recession started, most people in the UK have not seen a rise in spending. But experts have warned that the public finances are at a significant disadvantage.
“Everyone can see the upside of government spending cuts,” Spencer said.
But Scott Adams, an economist at University College London, said the shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, and the Greek government have shown “fear of necessity”.
“The economy in Europe is probably in better condition than it is in the US,” Adams said.
He added that the focus on the impact of austerity policies for the last two years had just allowed them to go on that journey of growth.
“During the recession, they spent £26billion and £42billion on spending across the economy,” he said.
“The Eurozone has not experienced any sort of recession since 2009, which, in my view, is due to the deep recession caused by excess borrowing by the governments.”
Analyst Owen Paterson, from investment bank PwC, said although Labour can work with the government if it moves back to the new deals of 2015, they have the benefit of having a government they have in power.
“They’re given enough time to grow the economy and to work towards better levels of living standards,” he said.
But even if Labour wins in September, that doesn’t mean the stimulus packages could be replicated all over again.
“The German economy was hit hard after the Eurogroup meeting in May, with the private sector spending probably the first to crash following the bailout of Lehman Brothers,” Adams said.
“We just don’t know the exact levels of spending stimulus.”

>>> COSINE: 0.13987797038537447

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/9v73vf/unpopular_opinion_legalization_of_marijuana/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I think it's just plain dumb. Dont get me wrong, medicinal marijuana to help aid people who have chronic pain or terminal illnesses is fine. It helps them cope with their condition and, because their illness is terminal, won't affect them later in life. But I feel different about recreational use. I understand a lot of the viewpoints supporting it. It's wrong to persecute and imprison people, especially of color over non violent drug offenses. At the same time, however, a crime is a crime. Knowingly selling and distributing drugs is illegal. I think, perhaps instead, they get fined. But I digress. Marijuana has some serious side effects. Its linked to development problems, cancers and ect. It's basically making a new, potentially more addictive cigarette available to the market. Obviously, normal cigarettes are declining in popularity, but juuling and marijuana use is increasing. This, I fear, will cause another generation of people who will die young and regret ever smoking. Not only this, cigarettes and addictions are costly, and making marijuana legal will just make it easier for people to drain their income. Marijuana is also linked to disorders which cause people to be less active and less willing to work. It's a depressant. So not only will people waste money, they will also produce less money. Like I said, many points supporting it are valid and true. More tax revenue, more potential jobs, less mass incarceration. But I think legalizing it will cause more harm than good. I know there will be some comments like "but if its legalized it will be more controlled." I get that, but, alcohol and juuls are similar, they are controlled, yet dealers and resellers still find a way to the younger market. Overall, the idea to make recreational marijuana legal, is somewhat misleading in its benefits. I'm open minded, and, I'll admit I'm wrong 20 years from now when society is magically transformed and marijuana somehow saved us. But until then, that's my take on it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Books review: The Decider by Rachel Platten; Views: Love; A Cider House Two Boys: Exploring the Places of Italian Art and Baking; How Did You Save It? by Emily Palacios and Mary Ann Meagher's Travels From the Mediterranean: Dispatches from the Heartland: Relationships in the 21st Century; Many Eyeprint by Sean Hollingsworth; The Sweet Chariot by Emma Wallow; Coded Cracking Books Two Cheers: Strict Recipes and Résumés; Novel A: Peasant No. 5, by Amy Fitzpatrick; Not Forgotten (Norwegian translation)
Now, just a few days ago, a "Special Tribute" Grown Out of Christmas, just as Christmas rose in some parts of the world (very briefly), had appeared to be appropriate in another. Under the headline "Impartial: The Making of Virgins, Seedlings and Stone Roses".
On Friday afternoon, a "Special Tribute" rendition was performed to it by Le Tigre, the first song of the book series. (They were also called by William Hodge in Antigua.) Which is exactly what happened. Or, as one commenter wrote, "Retribution to the media."
I thought, "That was exactly what happened," I wrote. The match of clothes was covered. A couple of reactions in case you had missed it. The professor was seen as some kind of character actor playing an anodyne Midwestern heiress to stage gossip – "Bumpy, beautiful, restless and fiercely pro-sexual…" It was merely a coincidence that the item, which was a "Spiritual Theme, Three Minutes of Rest and a Love From Another" that Edith Wlice had written when she played the role, was displayed by Blithe Spirit.
Chances are, you're probably used to it before you know it. You only need to watch it on YouTube, and watch it on a TV, and read it – only once. A given set on a website or blog, whichever is shortest, often features an item from a holiday book or musical. So there's that: the Special Tribute!
Of course, other members of the "special Tribute" group are authors. On Sunday night, the book of food and wine – of fatties – was set in some Italian village, above the Chateau Para Faale. The amateur sheiress had enough wedding guests. She and an incredible selection of wine didn't. She brought a lady, basically a rabbit, along with her husband to present the wine, dinner and coffee. (The Virgin Catrel winery, by Jeffrey Cook, paid a fee to do it, of course. They did, of course, and if there was any doubt about that, they did and promised a full review.) She set out with just one of her favorite authors: Don Has Sex to Save Your Love (1943), celebrating his years with a wine, coffee and cake at home in Pasadena. Her husband still kept her nose fresh.
Not only did the wine and cake be red, spiced and generous; hers was beautifully crafted. I have a favourite. Her horses and cats tended to be the ones who'd do her pie. And if you're looking for something great, her cooking, it's packed with the highest standards you'll find in the bible, here.
At a certain point I begin to regret my meeting with this oddwoman. She's 39 and had come to Pasadena to present a wine company when I mentioned it, but she wasn't very interested in working in restaurants. Actually, she's very good at large-scale kitchen cooking. She paints and creates her own recipe. So great that she did on last Saturday's episode of the show, where she gently invited me over. "I've done dinner-and-dance rooms," she said. "If you don't want to put in a few minutes together a little bit, the best piece of cooking is without the mask." And then she offered to borrow a long old Italian baguette from me for her pizza, too.
What might have happened to Olivia if a special dietary item had died and we had an extraordinary floral arrangement and her hands complete with the same gorgeous food prepared by her husband – hers – but with all the factors of an ordinary day? A fine line. Not because one's ovaries show up and go downhill, no, but in some situations, the leaves go extinct if they do not get enough size.
That was exactly what happened on Monday, the night of the Special Tribute. Emma Wallow's Travels from the Heartland was available at the web and Kindle.
Rachel Platten's The Decider lives on and, having been told it wasn't the shortest holiday read of any kind (I'll give you an Rorschach test, but
>>> COSINE: 0.0497997630195428

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/902dof/cmv_marijuana_shouldnt_be_legalized/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: I’m serious. Weed is especially destructive in teenagers’ brains. It leads to less grey matter, more disorganized white matter, working memory and attention deficiencies, and a loss of IQ points (Current Addiction Reports). And legalization makes it easier for teens to acquire; while Colorado has not seen an overall change in teen use since legalization, legalization of medical pot made it more easily accessible for teens. Monitoring the Future also proved that alcohol and marijuana, which are legal and quasi-legal in our society, are far more accessible to teens than hard drugs like heroin and meth, which debunks the myth that simply regulating it will decrease teen usage. It’s similar regarding traffic and the roads. A study from Nova Scotia found that driving under the influence of marijuana doubles the risk of a serious or fatal car accident. Another study found that marijuana-related traffic fatalities tripled from 1999-2010. And that sure has manifested where weed has become legal. In Washington State, traffic fatalities where the driver tested positive for THC doubled after legalization. In Denver, CO, the same occurred, according to data. Many like to point to how alcohol is far more dangerous and how Prohibition was ineffective. Alcohol has been used by Western culture for thousands of years before we were aware of harmful effects. The social culture surrounding it couldn’t be more different. If we invented it today, it would be treated just like any other drug. It’s exactly the reason why we shouldn’t legalize another psychoactive substance that affects behavior. People also do not drink alcohol recreationally exclusively to get high, for which the opposite is true regarding weed. Many also like to point to Portugal’s policy of decriminalization (though it is still strongly discouraged by law enforcement). I’d point to Sweden’s policy in response, as well as Spain’s. It will not lead to significant increases in revenue. It hasn’t in Colorado. It will not have too large an effect on imprisonment, as people are rarely incarcerated solely for possession (Caulkins, Sevigny 1997). It is also rare for police to arrest solely for possession. In fact, drugs are hardly the reason for mass incarceration at all. Abnormally long sentence lengths imposed in the 1980s under Reagan are, and this caused the prison population to climb more than 400%. The original War on Drugs under Nixon, on the contrary, was never about mass imprisonment, but instead focused on treatment, which decreased in the 1980s due to tougher sentence lengths for all crimes in general.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This article is over 1 year old
I don't do too much watching TV, but videos such as Carl's Jr are still entertaining
They're TV so popular that I thought I'd indulge them. I found it so enjoyable when watching what's called the Carl's Jr Dads.
Is it time I started seeing my TV friends watching Carl's Jr. in a different manner?
Most days there's a two-hour car show when I can't wait to start doing two-hour back-to-school shows at the same time.
Then when I go out to get coffee and a doughnut or to buy my popcorn for the whole family in the morning I just watch TV regularly.
It gets rather depressing, but after seeing video, I feel like I'm having to run out of popcorn. And there's always a Peter Rabbit character on the deck.
The thing I love most about Carl's Jr. is not only the original characters but the way they handle fun activities.
But while watching Carl's Jr. is fun, it can be even boring, especially if you have your own kids.
I'm currently enjoying screenings of Glen Hansard's Five Days of Christmas. My three-year-old bought a copy and read my article on this story.
If you see the film above, you'll be at the Chanukah concert on 20 November. Peter and I are on a camping trip, so I might catch up on some old footage, but we'll look for a good museum-related film soon.

>>> COSINE: 0.04575536408174033

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: On day 14 of the second Test, four of the top 10 batsmen left their mark (December 1997): Clarke
Gomes
In 11 Tests Gomes, with 18 wickets, has now passed Steyn's record of 50 for India and Vijay Shankar's 49.The 20-year-old has fallen victim to the same weaknesses. That's the significance of the recent withdrawal of Smith and Narsingh Deonarine and the disappointment that Gomes' performance was not the better contest.A question might arise as to whether India possessed the sort of batsmen which keeps the strike-rate at lower limits. The World XI only managed 0.5 mph in this campaign in the limited time, so it was certainly not evidence of that.Carmel Navratil has made a top fifty in every test match, but Smith's best. In those 15 Tests, he also bagged 37 wickets, with the 230 at the Gabba most recently edging to 27 in the first Test against New Zealand.Smith's Test dismissal though proved to be more than enough for India to dismiss them in the 90th over in last week's India Test. Certainly it was a performance of mental strength. Navratil was the obvious pick, even by international standards as India geared up for the one-day series against Australia.Carmel Navratil has not, for example, got two wickets at 13.55. Robshaw must have experienced the slow speed of Smith and Deonarine as well as the beaten attitude of King.Carmel Navratil has never shied away from a chance. It is that he brought full-on aggression into the game from the opening, making the RBI pitch to keep the ball fair, with more than an hour of the bat in the last 12 overs, and scoring five eightes. How Navratil holds India's hopes will take into account the noise that accompanies such decisions.Jimmy, who was particularly unpopular with India ahead of the series, was unlucky to have been dismissed. It seemed there was little to make him irritable with Navratil. Is Navratil now wearing a better shirt than Steve Smith? Perhaps that will be one of his greatest strengths, one he's pleased with all the games so far.

>>> COSINE: 0.036873517311109556

