>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Couples Challenge Defense of Marriage Act
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: (Common Dreams) – The court agreed Wednesday to hear a challenge to the Defense of Marriage Act, (DOMA), just weeks after an appeals court overturned it. The US Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia, is about to hear a case that challenges the constitutionality of the law. The U.S. Supreme Court will have ruled on that challenge on Thursday.
The Trial Court in Richmond, Virginia will hear oral arguments on the challenge to DOMA tomorrow in Richmond. In February 2011, the Court of Appeals in Richmond unanimously upheld the lower court’s ruling on marriage equality. However, later the Supreme Court struck down the lower court’s decision.
The on-going case at the heart of the DOMA case will be brought before the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The case concerns the case of Opetus v. Perry, one of a number of same-sex couples who successfully sued the Obama administration’s decision to recognize same-sex marriages in Maryland.
Last fall, the 3rd US Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati struck down the Obama administration’s DOMA decision in early March, just before 3/31/11, by refusing to hear the case. That ruling overturned a federal district court and the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia District of Columbia Appeals for Civil Marriage. The 3rd Circuit confirmed the appellate court’s decision Tuesday in a 3-3 ruling affirming the lower court’s decision against DOMA. Judge Judith Rogers of the 3rd Circuit will take up the case on Thursday, Wednesday and Friday.
There is a question as to whether the Defense of Marriage Act is constitutional and then how much constitutional questions the Supreme Court will have to answer.
In a court presentation with legal experts Wednesday, SCOTUS Legal Counsel David Boies and Director of Merrick Garland (who is also a practicing partner at Zillow), distinguished liberals argued the Defense of Marriage Act ought to be amended to apply the same legal doctrines that apply to marriage to same-sex couples in the United States.
One of Boies’ key points in the presentation was that without the Constitution the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional because federal statute limits those laws and states recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere.
The Democratic vote in the Supreme Court will be crucial in deciding the issue of DOMA. In terms of the prospect of the court opening a closed door to the Senate, Boies says the Supreme Court might reject DOMA because it has argued that the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional because it protects domestic partnerships from federal enforcement.
Boies presents his case in this case and arguments that President Obama’s own conclusion that DOMA will no longer be a constitutional liability is constitutional. Boies stated this in the presentation:
“The requirement of marriage by government-mandated heterosexual partners is statutory authority, it has the same effect as federal law, Congress and states have been asserting the definition of marriage as being limited to heterosexual couples. That Title VII statute, in fact, is federal law.”
Boies said the only point people will use to predict the Supreme Court’s decision is that the Constitution provides federal protections for domestic partnerships to those same courts that elected them.
President Obama issued a concurring statement at the end of last September, on the imminent Supreme Court decision, saying:
“DOMA is a constitutional provision protecting the rights of marriage to same-sex couples. In essence, DOMA is really an abortion, and DOMA does not fit the definition of a constitutional prohibition against life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The full scope of federal government government activity related to DOMA violates the Equal Protection Clause.”
Hedge funds have since concluded that DOMA violates the Fifth Amendment and requires a trial court to determine if it is constitutionally valid. By being one of the few pieces of legislation necessary to uphold the Constitution, the Supreme Court could choose from amendments addressing historic deficits and consequences of DOMA to impose new penalties for nations challenging its impact.
Twitter: @JonesOpps
>>> COSINE: 0.36877578237625563

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Prohibition Only Ends Once': 421 For All Group Takes Aim at Cannabis Criminal Justice Reform
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The International Cannabis Legislative Organization (Ica) took aim at the nation’s nonviolent recreational marijuana possession law last week. As a result, the marijuana legalization movement found itself compared to a “Prohibition Only” movement, a page in the history of the legal marijuana industry.
The Ica is the first “Bitter Intifada” collective to raise the profile of legalized recreational marijuana laws. Ica, the organization that believes “democratic means” are the appropriate tool to bring people out of prison and into society.
The group met up with the Americans for Peaceful Access to Cannabis, a new ag agprop organization created by a citizen-organized movement called All Green on Water. We spoke with two of the founding members. Jeff Hempn on second from left, Jacob Lawrence, a public health activist; David Gagne on right; and Steve Morrich on First Amendment.
Here are excerpts from a transcript of our conversation.
Q: What exactly is All Green?
A: A noblely founded movement, All Green aims to bring people out of prison and into the mainstream of the democratic society and back to the law, who are willing to struggle and fight for justice. [The group] aims to bring the people from traditional prison systems to public an alternative legal system, free from the justice system, which is so stacked in favor of medical marijuana use. As such, the members of All Green hope to use the discussion we have this week to inform and amend the Constitution so it protects public health, and puts public safety at the center of the debate.
Q: What has become of marijuana legalization over the past couple of years?
A: To wit, Americans first pushed Congress to approve legalization of the recreational use of pot in 2006. In 2014, Senators Bill Nelson and Tammy Baldwin filed a bill, Citizens Against Legalizing Marijuana, to raise the national tax on the recreational use of marijuana in Washington and Florida. There have been reductions in recreational use of marijuana during that time period, but most Americans continue to view marijuana as a health issue. In California and Vermont, recreational use is illegal, but a recreational marijuana market is rife with costs and abuse. In the worst of them, many immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are facing deportation or eventually facing prison sentences.
Q: So should we worry about recreational marijuana legalization?
A: Considering legalization has caused serious public health problems in our country, it behooves us to do more to enable those in the marijuana industry to get off the streets and out of prison. Marijuana production, manufacturing, distribution and transportation are all issues that need to be addressed in the state of Vermont. Legalization will simply legalize marijuana usage.
Q: Who are your allies?
A: Our friends from Colorado, New York, Massachusetts, Michigan, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Rhode Island, Arizona, New Jersey, Washington, Vermont, Oregon, Oregon, Washington State, Colorado and Maine are spearheading this movement. Massachusetts Institute of Technology has spent a number of years developing laws to address various legal issues, from money laundering to illegal collection of tax dollars.
Q: Are you in discussion with other legal marijuana industry groups?
A: Not today. We do not really know which representatives will speak at these important forums. But the discussion groups have formally agreed not to stop until ballot initiatives become law and people have embraced laws for medical marijuana use.
>>> COSINE: 0.23452868471282606

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Babylon... What am I doing wrong?!
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: It took me a while to understand that I am not the only person who is wrong.
The origin of error is to me, to others, but at my core I am the only one who is legally wrong.
Having grown up in Beirut, I come from a story background. I was born in Mosul in 1975 and left school in 1979. I grew up in a former village and a nursery. My granddad is still at the family's house.
My father is a war-scarred senior citizen, and my mother and brothers live at home. I am only 13 years old and lived at home before I joined the army. I studied veterinary science and the intelligence core of a marine police cadet.
Linking jihad with suicide warfare I knew that something was wrong when I was posted on a drone. A few months ago I was asked to accompany a drone that was "available to kill US military personnel".
My passport, belonging to that person, I could not give. I was all to live alone but I could not help myself. I was detained outside of my home, forced by my grandmother to transfer the children to another country. I was told to remain at home at any time.
I was told to leave the place after three days of detention and not return to my hometown. I arrived in Beirut at the end of the year. The rules have changed radically since then. Two days earlier I was transferred to a post in the Khost capital. As I got to know the new citizens, it dawned on me that my life in the service of your country may have changed.
I must say: at first I was a bit confused about what the rules had said, then an unknown man came over to show me his boat and explained it to me. He mentioned that if I had tried to tell him about a country I know, he would have tried to kill me. He said he would make me pay. The question of my citizenship was immediately raised.
I told him if I tried to say this to him, he would try to arrest me. It is a relatively fresh experience to be here, at age 13 I knew this from my military experiences. My citizenship has shown me that citizenship involves changing your identity, depending on the circumstances you're in.
It is another story of getting used to and finding you are a natural human being. It is also the story of resuming your activities in the land where you came from. Either way, being a natural human being is what is keeping me away from rogue ideologies and terrorists. It is my greatest privilege to be a part of you.
>>> COSINE: 0.07318403558677777

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Couples Challenge Defense of Marriage Act
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: NEW YORK, Feb. 23 (RNS) Religious conservatives in New York are seeking to overturn the landmark U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage nationwide.
The challenge of legalized gay marriage in New York has been tabled while several appeals to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, involving gay marriage, await a final ruling. If this appeals isn’t resolved before the circuit courts the issue will return to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Thursday’s ruling rules on gay marriage in New York includes a provision that would deny a license to a married couple getting married without a formal agreement from the U.S. Attorney’s Office or the State Department of State. All states have their own version of same-sex marriage law and rulings by the appeals court struck down prohibitions against gay marriage.
The proposition that allows same-sex couples to request a marriage license by entering into an agreement that includes a mutual commitment to each other is generally a core component of New York’s anti-gay marriage argument, and is considered one of the most restrictive on gay marriage. But New York lawmakers, including Democrats to the governor’s office and after the Bloomberg administration rescinded protections for gay couples, want the language banned.
Activists reported that nearly half of them said they believe the message of the ruling will influence traditional marriage. Even some religious conservative members of Congress are opposed to the ruling.
Some LGBT New Yorkers are supporting their claims, others aren’t.
“It was so hard to find even one person who didn’t believe marriage would continue,” said Tara Mead, a New York attorney who is representing four lesbian couples, all over the state.
If New York lawmakers’ tough views on gay marriage are enough to have affected the emotional arc of New York’s current political landscape, it will have much to do with New York courts’ limited power. If the late Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy didn’t like the legal framework for same-sex marriage and issues had become seriously considered, the court could decide that gay marriage has been unconstitutional. The same law allowed the state to legalize gay marriage in New York — so-called New York State law — when it didn’t allow same-sex marriages in other states before 1995.
District Judge George E. Grasso in December ordered a halt to the adoption by two same-sex couples, including the two who are also gay. The ruling angered New York. But despite the attack on gay marriage, many city council members, gay rights groups and liberal groups said they would support approval of any gay marriage law in New York.
“Sigurdly clever of them, all those ‘religious right’ judges voted to let this,” said David O’Connell, president of the New York Legal Defense Network, a gay advocacy group. “If New York is in danger, it’s because the courts didn’t allow the Supreme Court to say the same.”
Andrew C. White, policy director of the New York ACLU, said while the appeals court ruling gives opponents a “game-changer.” If it helps “create jobs and potential jobs to these couples,” the extra relief “will be needed,” White said.
While the Legislature continues its work in opposing same-sex marriage, reformers are moving in bipartisan fashion to legalize gay marriage. An Associated Press-GfK poll released in July showed about 40 percent of New Yorkers favor the action in New York, while only 38 percent oppose it.
Jonathan Basinski, an economics professor at the University of Richmond, said the courts don’t necessarily have the final say. State appeals courts rarely come to a big decision on the issue before they have a chance to weigh in on whether it’s fair for gay couples to have a constitutional right to marry under some circumstances, and if others don’t like it, an issue that they get very few votes on.
“Ultimately, the court, particularly the Ninth Circuit, will continue to have a lot of latitude in the Supreme Court to determine gay marriage,” Basinski said.
>>> COSINE: 0.40860582808060014

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Prohibition Only Ends Once': 421 For All Group Takes Aim at Cannabis Criminal Justice Reform
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Fairleigh Dickinson University students from the Hampton Bays Faith Civic Center program showed that legalized marijuana is now a reality in this nation’s racial, economic and political zones. Following one of the largest trial venues in history, the Biblical Testament of Jesus, featuring a bible profiled in Spoke to Our Lady of the Rosary Chapel in Jericho, Maryland, Rechos activists gathered at the Junior High Hall to discuss the pressures to legalize marijuana and to allow others who don’t want to join them to freely purchase it.
A Riverdance course led by Maureen Downfield, Ph.D., psychology student on cannabis legalization, said legalization would continue to impoverish young people in this country.
“If you want to become independent from your criminal history, you have to have custody of all your assets and control your finances,” she said.
Rabbi Joshua A. Sorontrist of Temple Beth El, Williamsburg, Suffolk and Williamsburg, Mass., told the students to reach out to The Manhattan Institute to develop cases of veterans, minorities and young adult couples who are dealing with the effects of marijuana legalization and supported legalization. The rabbi said decades of the Israeli law in particular brought on the current disparity between the number of registered pot plants and the current majority figure of medicinal marijuana.
The Rev. Dallas Watkins of Jewish New Life Church, N.Y., which is open to patients who don’t like or appreciate the long legalization process, said marijuana is part of an archaic teaching about divorce and mercy, how forgiveness works, and how marijuana can help heal a broken heart.
“I’m real proud of the fact that alcohol is not an addictive drug, but it’s just too hard and hard to regulate. It doesn’t have a silver lining that many of us are thinking of,” he said.
Both youth and adults looked at hard economic times and the increased use of marijuana in prison and family business, but overall saw stability and a better world.
“I believe in more spiritual and more spiritual justice. I believe in the importance of compassion and compassion between the Christian and the Jewish,” said Mateen Marinovich, 17, of Richmond, Va., the chair of Moral Majority. He said it’s important for homeless people and fellow inmates, such as the combat veterans, to get opportunities to enter the workforce and help found their own careers.
Marinovich also pointed out that cannabis opens up the possibility of decriminalization, which can be easy for taxpayers to cover, as well as creating a way to help drug abusers and nonsmokers transition from incarceration to help close the illegal trade in marijuana.
Sharruhen Blanchard, 21, of Hamel, is an aviation expert and is helping oversee the pilot program of Lockheed Martin’s “Steach,” a long-awaited, fully operational spy plane. She spoke of her past experiences at jail and had an amazing time stopping at a hospital bed in major equipment (like goggles), her calm demeanor and a road-trip away from Cleveland, Ohio, as a prisoner.
“The most rewarding part was sitting in my cage and thinking about myself. I would stare out at the ceiling and not see one word or anything that would change.
“I liked doing things with my hands,” she said.
“Being able to go there and see what these lives are all about and and walk around with their hands out is so great,” said Paula Cooper of Barnabas in Pittsburgh, PA. “It’s just amazing, how people are understanding and accepting.”
>>> COSINE: 0.31625904194349036

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Babylon... What am I doing wrong?!
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Recent years in the UK have seen many changes and paradoxes. Brits living on the island of Barbados suffered from a serious sadness loss, which mirrored life in the other island. It’s this state of mind that has captivated readers in Britain, which has allowed me to explore some of the issues surrounding the island, and to support mental health charity Mind British.
Rebecca, of Charnley, said: “A friend of mine has family on Barbados, and now she has moved to England, and life on the island changed so fast, it almost felt like a permanent relocation. My aunt died, so the friends she ever had were in Barbados where they lived with her grandchildren.”
She continued: “She would sit and watch TV, write, tweet, and talk about it all in a manner that kept her entertained and fed, so she would come to visit, and do whatever she wanted to do. This made her a more important person, an example to women and children, particularly young people and mothers and others.”
Mental health had once been so central to the lives of sociologists and teachers in the Caribbean, and it often came on the news and on social media. Now it affects so many of us, for the lack of better-known causes.
Hope these two reactions, currently being debated and drafted in criminal cases, is not such a bad thing. As therapy doctors I have come across quite a few patients who are afraid to admit they have had suicidal thoughts, because of the dangers they can face.
Our research for Mind British has found negative psychological effects on social support workers. This is because there has been a noticeable increase in suicides; some of which involve children, and mothers and grandmothers are badly affected.
These feelings are exacerbated in Britain when homeless people are active participants in gangs and drugs. As an introduction, I suggest: no longer bemoan housing these people, but if it’s sensible that there should be free accommodation, then shouldn’t the homeless be concerned?
Of course, if you have already been arrested, convicted of a crime, if you were bringing a child, you’d have to pay a fine, but which constitutes suicide?
The trauma and hardship have been the long-term repercussions, and we need to address the real issues.
The world is wider than just the new island; on the island there is a different desire from those I would call social services. In particular, the British taxpayer is responsible for a large share of income that is directly tied to social services; it’s as if you were still at work, and out of work, if you’re still there.
The type of approach to social services in Britain is not up to debate. However, the relevance of social services on a journey of shared and shared purpose is crucial.
Again, the longer the journey, the greater the impact that goes with it. As civil servants, have my mind, should my mental health be considered alongside each other?
Daniel Lyon, of Heart UK, has written a book (Save Sussex from Babylon) called Mental Health: First Steps to New Resources. More than half a million people around the world have read this book.
He says: “If social services and social entrepreneurs can make a real difference to a community of people who will decide to live and make a life for themselves, then so could we.”
SAS Mainstay MP , Art Haddon, says: “If taking on new tasks demands control, then all the better, and society urgently needs to work towards building up its own capacities to keep people from suffocating themselves or becoming unable to understand what is at stake.”
However, it is often difficult to accept this, and would leave us at a deep disadvantage if we do not create a better care system for everyone.
Rebecca, it’s now too late to stop us, and there are many people who have suffered a great deal at this time, so it is worth bearing in mind that suicide in Britain is rarely considered an isolated case.
>>> COSINE: 0.05396888544338821

