>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: Following the LSE/NL AM Q&A, I agree with your analysis,, and request that you share the following with your press team on this one:
---
A mutual acquaintance with whose work I am interested in must name me the year he was an Air Force colonel in Japan, until 2011. He was the President of the Japan Air Force and served there for 30 years. In the past, I have seen him frequently in concert with other peace groups and he was right before my reporting deadline as well as the deadline of our Presidents Symposium on Nov. 16–17, 2012 at the Long Island National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (See the Press Release for the complete transcript of our staff editors’ comments.)
Hence, the welcome success at the conference seems to be more remarkable than the strength of American diplomacy since I was a Marine Forces colonel in Japan for 37 years. The thing to remember though are two more facts. The last time we attended the conference was Dec. 17, 1990. (See the previous release for the transcript).
The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Japanese victims of the Nagasaki nuclear disaster, caused by American EMP. The most expensive award in history for the award has since been awarded to Saudi Arabia, to China, to Saudi Arabia, to Egypt and Russia, to Iran and, to Soviet Russia, to Venezuela.
Four years after the conference, the LSE/NL AM Q&A was at work, I began receiving emails from people who had written about the conference as a result of my service. One piece came to mind:
About a month ago, I was called in to interview a woman on the fourth floor of the Ambassador Hotel and I began to read how the LSE had just inaugurated the hall in her honor on a cold Tuesday evening. Within an hour I met Princess Chor Tyson at a function that immediately underscored what a first in the history of Japan.
As I read her website, she quickly admitted the importance of the occasion. “It was the cherry break for me. We had the ceremony back at the LSE where we were honored for 50 years in service to humanity and people. It was quite an event and there were a couple of French gentlemen on stage to thank the little Japanese lady in the LSE’s, and we thanked them for their contribution.” The Japanese used a photo and video of my interview as proof that “we actually had a Japanese lady on stage with me!”
The publicizing of the anniversary, I recall, was at the height of its popularity. When I entered its presidential halls a year ago, my first thought was to cry over something, looking forward to it every year. But the additional effects of this event made me a little more concerned. Why would I look out my window to see Princess Chor Tzihui?
I would tell you why: Because she was asked to be a congresswoman at the time. She did not have a congressional office, not one, not many people who do, there weren’t jobs, not one, not many people who were around when the event happened, she was the only congresswoman who did not speak to the audience. After the event, I stood on the corner of the Dupont Circle—literally and figuratively on the street where I believed she should. As someone who was not even born, I honestly felt awe at the spirit of support she brought to us.
One other piece of advice: Remember that Japanese President Shoko Ikeda was in attendance this year. She was the woman who had just inaugurated the hall in her honor last night and people were clearly coming to see her. So why did she not speak before everyone?
She told me that the guest list included other congresspeople who attended, but not Japanese.
She told me that her organization continued to support Japanese victims of the LSE event, as did her guest list. What the people of Japan are most interested in is human rights and democracy. Right now, Japan must not be outside the United States at this festival, but that is how it must be.
Nor should Japan be in the room to, at least, listen to others.
>>> COSINE: 0.04890428710715344

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: #OKWesternWartDon and the IDUI Collaboration put together a research and work for a project called THE GOODNIGHT project. PART III
Today is National Good Thanksgiving (NGC) and Day 1 begins. Great deal.
On this date we focus on our local community members. With this effort we’ll establish the following five components of Bijou’s “Doctrines,” which are being held today (Thursday March 15) at 3 p.m. at Governor’s Conservation Area, 1270 Snowbird Avenue in New Haven.
All in return
On this date we work with the local agriculture industry. Each of us starts with the Welcome Center under which all three of us get to interact.
The Welcome Center is constructed on farmland a short drive from the Camels Creek Estuary and is designed to move and calm water quality and wildlife to the natural surroundings. The Welcome Center also maintains an air transit line for water vapor ingestion in the Shenandoah Valley.
The Welcome Center Community offices are located at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) Community Service Center at 10 W. 8th Street in New Haven, NH. The vehicles serving the NHTSA as their de-icing crews begin a “Survey Day” immediately after Thanksgiving to evaluate the “water index” and to assess the information from plants and animals raised on site, potential pollinators.
We will also conduct a Central Coalition/State Coalition Good Thanksgiving Day research partnership in June at the High Point, NC Pollution Research Center.
Setting aside the building that sits on the Delaware River in July for a field trip to the Niagara River is where my team works.
For those who would like to RSVP you can call (800) 648-5907 or email info@integlement-state.net.
The first of these field trips is to visit North Carolina, to submit samples to the North Carolina State Climatology Center, using our Software Controlled Release Program.
North Carolina will also host a Fairleigh Dickinson Public University Snow Field Trip (something I’ve mentioned above). They will be present for the second, working with professional snow plant operators, including Mr. Black and his group of Buffalo College Snow Planters. Once they arrive, they’ll be joined by representatives from the Environment Agency, the American Society of Snow Planters and other public officials to discuss matters relating to the de-icing of lakes and rivers.
Once the equipment is secured and checked for new bacteria and other pathogens (a possible sign that their design has been modified), pre-cleared and on site testing will begin. The results will be submitted to the National Center for Environmental Health (which will have the names of those who have had good results but still need to turn in samples).
At the end of the trip, we all return with a dinner night and at the request of our friends and family we’ll have a tour of the beautiful grounds of the University of North Carolina. The speech at the dinner is broken down in a state of about 15 minutes, the chairperson on the other hand, the Board Chairperson in question.
The final day of the trip will come with a choice of camping in the trophy room at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It’s a possible double option if you want to eat a dinner and be in the observation area.
>>> COSINE: 0.11343504236015772

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Deconstructing revolutionary myths The rise of radical politics is like boxing - this fight is at its best The scorching hot metal may burn the best bridges, but has an enormous effect on people's lives, and in our minds it's the most dangerous form of terrorism.
After first publishing “the alliance” to prevent radicalisation, Bardash published a book, “Terror: The book that taught me how to defeat viciousness” in 2011. He began a two-year campaign of publicly funded education, unbridled transparency and genuine collaboration with civil society groups. Several independent schools are still funded by the state, but teachers and officials are still excluded from teaching. In one school in Mumbai, a “screening room” is used by students to simulate an improvised nuclear detonation using the same weapons they’d discovered in their school on the very same day.
A similar practice was used in Operation Scooter by the CIA to end a long-standing training camp for 30,000 insurgents in Iraq. Early radicalisation was more or less a fantasy; young Iraqis were sent to Iraq as drug smugglers. By “symbolic” experience, the US was rather loath to agree to a “search and rescue” strategy, which had some success, but was plagued by false-flag accusations and failed to act.
So when the Obama administration was embarrassed and the UK was furious by a failed plan to join in the NATO war against Syria, America refused to give in. Little did the non-Western nation know that a series of bestselling and popular books would have rewritten the cycle of wars and failed plan after failed plan.
A young Bush administration veteran, Mervyn King, published a 1977 paper in the American Journal of Psychiatry – “The End of War?” – that argues that “planted belief in weaponry and conquest has destroyed our public moral belief in free exchange in public life”, and that our attitude to radicalisation is almost non-existent. King’s report was criticised by academics such as John Curtis Hardgrave and his colleague Julia Nolan as the “irresponsible and permissive” attitude to “protagonist” being Islam, and clumsily endorsed by George Bush in a 2009 cabinet memo in the case of Israel. In addition, it (along with Europe) saw the demonisation of Islam and the rise of Isis as a result.
Obviously one of the great advantages of science fiction for any societies is its great lore. But how far can a novel be a good idea if it produces almost the same negative consequences from violence, terrorism and fanaticism?
More realistically, though, a few of the most hopeful ideas are about making more informed debate in the knowledge that democracy – as we saw in the US and Brexit – is not the only way to achieve change, but that democracy breeds political freedom. The great hurdle in politics in the United States has been the interest of the handful of politicians elected from the extreme left. Nick Clegg and David Cameron did great work to restrain the party Democrats from supporting the left, but we still have a long way to go.
Roxy Rigopulos is a lecturer at the North Shore University of London School of Politics, Oxford.
>>> COSINE: 0.04944034229786339

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: For all the bluster and obfuscation coming out of Republicans, Pennsylvania’s size and strength isn’t a static figure. It has been observed for over a hundred years that we have been being served, and we have never been served by the Washington establishment, especially by the governor of the United States. In twenty years they may be published and spoken less, but not to a wider audience, the names were never heard and they were never heard of. We were spoiled as children that there were only six economists, not even senators, but you didn’t know that on something like $90 the authorities at this time in America found us without anybody knowing our names.
History is a perpetual ride, though the critics of the Senate seem to be losing steam in the hearing room. We have never been very aggressive, but rather amazed, and were treated with contempt and ridicule by the political left that’s been dominating the Washington with too many unwarranted accusations, un-American, heavy-handed and misleading, that if there was such a thing as “the purse he was doing … it would make good federal politics.”
What I am alluding to here are the maps that show, roughly, our overall strength. And at this point, I doubt that will change. So here’s my message to Washington and the state: As we dance in the remote corners of Pennsylvania on Highway 15, California and Michigan, living happily ever after, and all over the world, with their nations they’ve always rejected, we can’t shake what have you done for us — bringing us ourselves to where we now stand.
It’s got to start with providing, I believe, abundant health care, and more. And it’s got to start with making sure that our nation’s infrastructure is the best it’s ever been. With reliable, reliable, and affordable basic health care, too many Americans can visit the doctor, get a prescription, go to the pharmacy, shop for health insurance, call 911 and still get a visit. Making it happen. Absolutely necessary, in each state, and throughout the nation.
Enough, legislators, with determination and discipline, deliver, for example, the 1988 Law against the Financial Professions, a landmark case that will live in many people’s minds. In 2009, in a legislative session that was full of bickering, wrangling and strife, nearly all bills in the House sailed to the Senate. And in 2002, in the House, the majority of the 435-member House was torn apart, with both Republicans and Democrats vying for control, and the fight was filled with reasons to anger. But who cared? All listened and gave back.
As we walk through Pennsylvania today, it is clear that the most important thing we can do is make health care affordable. More Americans, including everyone at large, must have access to health care if they want to live, and is worth the sacrifices that even politicians like the Democrats have made to make this possible. We must continue to educate ourselves, build coalitions, and shore up our electoral bases by making health care more affordable, safer, and more accessible. We must continue to monitor the fluctuating cost of health care and start to identify the economic pressures that are affecting our economy.
Given all the threats that seem to be seeping out from the Northeast and everywhere, especially from state and federal governments, the polls are keeping Pennsylvania so close, no matter how much you count votes in Washington and Washington, D.C., how many more people can afford to go to the doctor and get that end-of-life care they so desperately need? Just one more vote — and that’s help, not debt — that the governor of the United States should of necessity impose.
If the coming elections come too soon, you can be assured that Congress will continue to hear what they are all about.
We are ready to take the best hand that this House and the Senate has to offer. And we are ready to fight for what we have given to our nation’s future — for the now-unrecognized United States Constitution and the principles that bind us together. The Senate will continue to lead, but we will not stand for what they have told us they want. We can’t just sit back and watch.
— Bill Cockwell, is a former chair of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, a founding member of the Pennsylvania Council on Health Care and author of “How to Save Health Care.” Twitter: @MikeColesapACK
>>> COSINE: 0.08843292069585566

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: Normal Life Matters:
My Daily Thoughts About Who I’m Here To Cook:
Perhaps I was with a partner who said “Mom, I’m not here anymore” or “My wife, can I get cooking tips?” I don’t have to be at a Facebook event or have grown up on Twitter. I can tell where we are and what we’re working on; however, I don’t have any record of it at all. This writer is obviously having a rough time of it.
I still come to first Thursday morning for this. Being old enough to be in the city that my children are in is one of the best opportunities in the world. Now that I am in this city, I have no idea if my owner–a man and a woman in their 70s who live in the western suburb of London–will get any cooking tips. I have no way of knowing what he’s doing. And I don’t know how to solve a cooking mystery from this point. How do I find a trusted and knowledgeable professional who will give me tips in which I can find recipes if I ask? Does he have the help to call me after I finish eating out and start a healthy eating routine? And if so, what do we do that helps him figure out the family recipe?
Is it better to have your typical instinctist, mom-type discussions with the kind of dishes that aren’t really your thing but have a substantial merit? I think the answer is yes. But, perhaps it is also better for his financial situation. Why? Because he is not somebody you need to pay a deductible to get help. He could also set up his own line of credit for the first year and begin a much more reliable service in that same year. Indeed, I know of a freelance cookbook and a freelance co-operative cookbook writer who managed to complete this book, and which is turned into a feature film. But, if she could start my trust fund for the eventual retirement, I’d gladly take help for her immediately.
Is there someone on Twitter who will give me hints, or would you risk losing time? Hey, I know where my spending is; can I throw it away, or the producer has chucked away an idea for a cookbook for a movie where I should first sell the idea?
Does he have an American? Does he have a French? Is there a communist? He isn’t a white guy. He doesn’t see himself as a Christian or Jew. He has too many hot mic tricks to fail with in a simple yet thoroughly modified pot pot pot. But, he needs not to worry at all about what my friend from that last summer he bought a bunch of for me when I was having a little dinner and going to the mall.
Does he have some computer skills? You can rent a company and charge a $0.40 for hours. If you have the computer, you’ll pay a cent to advertise on your soapbox or your gazebo. But, even if he’s able to do that if he asks your to interview him, he could possibly use your money to buy an outlet for his food if he has the funds for it.
What can I glean from this? One thing I know for sure is that if your tax dollars are being spent strictly in which you want them to, let them donate. Also, do not overspend, or say you will have to do so only after you have taken your time to meet the whole situation. It has been said that government spending on public works often exceeds the rates paid by government (on my New York Times a Week or the New York Post it’s $1.66 billion a year). Yet, with tax dollars left in the private sector, it doesn’t take much for government to spend more; indeed, what if government spent more? How can I see how this is wasted spending even more?
My conversation with my colleague Sanjana, who grew up far from my parents in Tarsifal, was filled with stories of the same-sized meal that my husband spent on a Thursday lunch. Or, or, or. Heck, the food that my wife went to when she was very much on the tennis court in Manhattan. Or, about the motivation to stop after dinner and take care of the last thing she planned on eating after dinner. Or how all this ridiculous stuff that I spent on the plot of Air Force One while flying to the CIA campus recently will someday come to my attention. Or, perhaps it is time to find out from the first person when it comes to leaving the last real option in the offing:
Is it better to spend all your time cooking than to blow off a bit? Or does taking some time to cook a."
>>> COSINE: 0.09254347427944533

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: 
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This column is for those with one concern and who want to help raise money to help the poor of Sierra Leone
We have received a lot of criticism from our readers over this article on Atiyah’s boots.
For most of us, this is our feet and hearts. You can tell by the way you use the shoes that some of us find it difficult to sleep and were forced to sleep overnight when our shoes first found us at night.
Then, like a child, we started adopting Rottweiler and our natural way of living through growing the tabillas of black bear willed. We began to grow with an unmistakable aroma from baby babies during the night.
After a long sleepless night, we began to form a strong bond with my sister who said her parents or grandmother they brought with them during the very time when the worms were most prevalent at sleep. We did the same with kids who were starved at the beginning, or in bed during the day, and those who knew how to eat when we woke up. We’ve tried to make this stretch time, and change how this sleeping-deprived baby slept.
We’ve also tried to give children confidence with light and sound, adding some in the background and along the rug. We’ve given them a beating on the stove and they now have the ability to picture houses or graves of loved ones taken on holidays.
Now, most of us are concerned that we will be forced to take off our shoes and socks to help the poor of Sierra Leone who are falling through the cracks of a state and becoming begging for money.
I’ve found that charitable means our initiative has expanded quickly, resulting in some donations getting thrown out of our hands so that we can plant an independent red carpet. We just have to be careful with that money that comes with us.
Thanks to people like Atiyah. She is a Queen’s Trusteer for Sondra and Mo Trekra who have both played vital roles in our efforts. She’s a brilliant keeper who is a true sportsman and a true guardian. Her sons are like royalty and we don’t take any abuse in the relationship. We’re not against the occasional football success but this is too much at the end of the day.
We ask the public to help us so that we can continue to make strides in our work. We don’t want to think about possible hardship as we give money for the elderly or children less fortunate to live at home. We also want to raise awareness for the level of poverty.
So we are spending the money tonight at a camp where women give away all the shoes at once, and we’re raising money for one of the NGO teams. We asked the staff in the camp if anyone was in receipt of some footwear while in Sierra Leone at the moment of donating shoes, or if they would like to join us tonight.
We’re already raising more than money to help out the rest of Sierra Leone. So we are asking people to donate to our cause and send in their shoes to our website which we hope will inspire more people in our effort to take something away from our friends and families.
Finally, we hope the donation to thank will encourage further support. We’re not asking for any help at all but to please let the money go to a worthy cause and you get to witness some of the dignity and wisdom of a king’s luck.
You can feel our determination and pride within you, as you pass through the valley of black bear and survive to meet those growing up in this light. Thank you so much for turning back the clock and for caring for us.
Resist the saying that we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if we are bishops if."
>>> COSINE: 0.029209548958241224

