>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Couples Challenge Defense of Marriage Act
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: The part about the “blatant bias” that permeates our society, is depressing. If you’re wondering how the Defense of Marriage Act, which set up what we know as “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” and as “Don’t Tell How to Treat” is being used to divide us, you are welcome to think again. As this article suggests, heterosexual couples most frequently violated by the law were in positions of power. Same-sex marriage will only be allowed with legally valid sex certificates.
The Department of Justice should reach out to all gay couples to set up marriage ceremonies, if they desire to do so. It is right to call the Office of Civil Rights to ask questions on the article. As is fair, any questions should be taken directly to the Department of Justice to talk to the families involved and their attorneys about possible appropriate state-by-state legal action.
Megyn Kelly on This Week quoted the federal judge who struck down Section 9 of DOMA last week: “The judge testified that the government knew that the Marriage Protection Act did not have the greatest chance of keeping marriage between a man and a woman because she had admitted that that was the law of the land.” Billions of dollars are spent each year on litigation for same-sex couples.
The reason that we legalize same-sex marriage is simple. As well as being an anti-gay discrimination law passed last year by President Obama, the Marriage Protection Act merely mandates that married same-sex couples be legally recognized both in marriage and in employment. But that same-sex couple is not legally recognized in their schools in California. One of the harms that occurred was that the gay and lesbian couple avoided having to deal with same-sex marriage lawsuits. That is how I was able to identify loving children who had all the right levels of experience.
The same-sex couple that sued for marriage in Massachusetts is also not legally recognized in the classroom in Massachusetts. They were not able to ask students about their marriage relationship, as required by the law, and needed to give a gay and lesbian student a reason to ask about their relationship. That left a lot of students unaware about their relationship. That is where marriage is put in conflict with the child benefit programs that the federal government was supposed to fund.
In Massachusetts and in the U.S. Senate, the position is clear: the law on marriage that repealed DOMA was adopted by one state, California, and then reversed by the Obama Administration. As a result, Proposition 8 will be legal in California and in Florida. Sixty-two percent of students who attend public schools in California and 63 percent of students who attend private schools in Massachusetts are married. I know what is politically expedient to say nothing of how this increase in student attendance is good for our kids.
According to Sontag, the data shows that a majority of students attending public schools in Massachusetts pay no tuition but take the cost out of their state’s pension. In the states where LGBT legal groups did the best to defend Proposition 8, lower tuition for these students has resulted in a reduction in many student costs. Contrary to what the Court was saying and traditional marriage opponents alike, we have the opportunity to look at other studies supporting those ideas. But unlike under Davis v. Texas, we know the real problem is not our country’s Constitution, but that we continue to pay for this segregation by increasing federal spending on education and research.
Last spring the Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that the Defense of Marriage Act violates equal protection because it is based on the same logic used by Texas and other states. Today the Obama Administration is finalizing its “fix” to defend the law. Thirty-four states joined the action. This is not surprising. But it does reflect the political rage against “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” from the White House and Republican leaders.
A time to act is now. Give us one more reason to stand with a state and a federal lawsuit will prevent Prop 8 from having its enactment. Call and file lawsuits against discriminatory legislation passed through legislatures.
>>> COSINE: 0.4032771299389881

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Prohibition Only Ends Once': 421 For All Group Takes Aim at Cannabis Criminal Justice Reform
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: EDINBURGH, England – Three years from now, the British government must craft a “refugee for the city” bill from the Canadian government that will create a universal medical marijuana program.
On Friday, 43 attorneys joined the British government to urge the British public to reject the governor’s claims on cannabis law that any meaningful reform to weed-related violence would solve it. Forty-eight U.K. attorneys attended the Conservative Party leaders meeting in the English capital to discuss marijuana legalization and argued for legalization, as well as decriminalization and cooperation with the public in order to punish nonviolent drug offenders.
What they argued is that legalization alone will not fix Britain’s mass incarceration problem.
The British government maintains that all but a handful of the “extreme” 21 countries legalizing marijuana now in Britain are under this authority.
Canada, only as it shares an already generous prison system that in the last decade has killed 1,300 American prisoners, has witnessed 5,300 bad acts a year and, according to Amnesty International, has created more than 3,600 to 4,000 violent, drug-related “mass-murder crises,” with the majority of those incidents occurring at prisons rather than jails.
As long as marijuana remains unregulated, and the government doesn’t interfere in criminal justice processes, it will be the rule.
“Cannabis is either legal, it can be regulated or it can be stolen – both of which get banned after a year,” said Theresa Meehan, the Scottish minister for reform who chairs the UK commission on cannabis, the Council of Legal Stewards. “You can’t force someone to use a pot leaf in the morning – you can’t ask people to deal with marijuana cultivation or drugs at night.”
During a panel discussion prior to Friday’s Supreme Court decision, local attorneys discussed the case of Stan, a gang leader, convicted for the 1988 hit-and-run death of Michael Travers’ neighbor, Sajeeh Hussain. The jury did not find him guilty of any criminality. It deliberated for 20 hours. Hussain testified that the powerful Los Angeles drug dealer was protecting himself by using social media to boost his socially conservative moods. He said that his sentiments on marijuana led him to want to be dealt with.
“I was a loving person who always hoped for others to suffer for what they do,” Hussain testified. “Then the right wing politicians from the left made me feel more alone to become a criminal in society that doesn’t give me the right to do anything that I enjoy. That’s why, when it comes to crime and violence, justice is usually not a thing that works by itself.”
His testimony followed a spate of mass murder. Hussain, 34, shot and killed his friends, three children and a friend after their throats were slit. He held off prosecution for nine years before successfully challenged the verdict in a high court, arguing that he had used a drug that he never took, had no commercial use and had no mental illness, and had been wrongfully sentenced to life in prison without parole.
He now lives at the Middlesex County Jail in Middlesex County. Hailing from England, his legal son may be around for a decade at this point.
On Friday, Meehan said the government would “actively explore the option of creating a wide-scale program that would receive any citizen of the UK to choose where they feel safe.” If this is not done, Meehan said, “the options may not be fully formed, but we will do whatever we can to do that.”
The family of one of the victims of the mayor’s office shooting just days earlier praised them.
“What we have here tonight is a testimony to the strength of the larger cause and our hope that our children will be able to continue to raise their voices against issues of gun violence in the days ahead.
“That is why we always try to always be prepared to not make excuses or call for their forgiveness and to continue to fight for safe streets so the innocent can remain safe. And we will continue to take the legal pot to do whatever it takes for your freedom and your rights in the future.”
>>> COSINE: 0.16664529667944356

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Babylon... What am I doing wrong?!
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: When shopping for fresh fruit – I'm sorry to say, I'm British — I constantly find myself looking for bags of fresh fruit. I'm not quite sure what's wrong with them, I suppose, but I'm already old enough that I've been picking fruit all my life. Some of the fruit I've picked, even still raw and fresh, is a bit high on the common, and these in small amounts, but still all sweet. Some of the grown-up fruit is actually very, very tart and sweet. For a second I thought it was such a sweet piece of fruit that the spice panel needed to be lifted up on the table, but that was a missed opportunity. The raw fruit is fresh, and it tastes delicious. But have you noticed that, even with a bit of texture, these sweet fruit cause dizziness? There are many reasons for that. Some rely on more flavours than others; some are in favour of savoury sweetness and some can be a little harder to detect. That can take some weight away from the impact the sugars and acids give.
I'm a complicated person, and the fact that I'm new to many of the events in my head makes me wonder whether I have missed the point. If I'm not like the rest of us, then where's the learning? If I'm not hard on myself or don't know anything in general, then my task isn't the task of my day. But if I'm not set in my ways and have to struggle with emotions and trouble-solving as a result of my particular needs, then where does the learning come from? No doubt in my instinctive unwillingness to learn anything new, I'm learning, no matter how something I imagine is going to hurt the rest of my body. As a high-profile journalist, I have to help people understand what they need to see in the world, in what they need, and in what they might well need from a place of empathy.
I'm also a regular tourist myself. The reason I'm British is that people look up to me so much when I'm on my travels. That seems to be the operative word here. So when a 50-year-old woman asks me for a restaurant reservation I genuinely need to have a good conversation with her for a while. Are there too many preconceptions to be borne of? I tell her that I know that we don't eat that way too much. I try to illustrate this to her by telling her that I know that we can't cut off our menu and still come back in the way that we think is best. But does that get us through to the next round of cupboard cleaning? Does she have anything else to drink? And what about my travel plans? Has I already gone to the cinema? Would I really like to eat at a cinema? But what would I really want to eat?
I do have the humility to do these things with the students who have sent me a breakdown of everything I've learned. It feels like I'm going to be told over and over that I am good at a certain skills and that I'm not good at something any more, so it's not going to take long to learn what I need. I might drop off at libraries and the police stations and the grammar school and see the kids who speak the language so thoroughly that they forget about cooking – or making music, for some reason. All these activities make my life and my conscience so different.
I'm anxious to get back to the more mundane and monotonous stuff, of course. I'm trying to remember an old picture of myself and a great photo of myself. I'm trying to document memories – what happens over the years, what I bring back with me – before I get back to the things that made me feel so happy. Then I'm going to head back into society and delve deeper into the dots that I can see. Then I'll paint on the background which tells me what I've learnt over my time in the classroom, and which, as of now, just seems to capture the way I feel about myself. Then I'll always be young and privileged. And then I'm going to take a major step back, because as I see it, I'll always be middle-aged and world-weary. I'll think of myself as at least 16, and I'm 35 now.
A 'privilege': a classic interview from a journalist's life. Photograph: Michael Cain by Dennis Pullen
>>> COSINE: 0.3568206200700315

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: Same-Sex Couples Challenge Defense of Marriage Act
>>> TEXT: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: RALEIGH, N.C. – The federal government could soon give states the ability to single out same-sex couples who want to legally marry — as it did for same-sex couples in Missouri and Delaware last month.
News, opinion and opinion leaders on both sides of the issue have launched campaigns ahead of an April 23 Supreme Court oral argument. The events are part of a process that could reshape the U.S. gay and lesbian agenda.
Earlier this year, federal Judge Brett Kavanaugh, now a Supreme Court justice, made a motion for the case to be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court.
The gay and lesbian group Equality North Carolina said the issue should be discussed in the courtroom — whether it should be the federal ban on gay marriage.
It is a central topic of the debate over the future of same-sex marriage. Courts will issue orders allowing same-sex marriage to be approved, and hundreds of other states are considering challenges. Other state and federal opponents are also considering legal challenges.
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force spokeswoman Amanda Nelly said Friday the group is working on several fronts — including the way judges handle certain litigations, which could lead to a split between conservative and liberal judges.
“We're going to be able to challenge the rulings or rulings of the people that are looking to reverse state decisions in this case,” Nelly said.
“We're going to be asking the two issues.”
Nelly said there is only a “narrow window” for the court to rule on the case and that there are “truly no hurdles.”
Republican Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, who has led an effort to block the case, has pushed the case to the Supreme Court, but said the brief is out of time.
He told the Associated Press, “We don't need, by majority rule, to strike down any particular amendment or restriction. It's just there is a very narrow window.”
“And we are fine with what the Supreme Court just did,” Cuccinelli said. “We don't want the Supreme Court to take away folks' rights.”
Charles Dougherty, spokesman for SCAG, said the group continues to be encouraged by the Justice Department’s decision.
“Courts around the country have seen the impact of families at the center of gay and lesbian rights,” Dougherty said. “The last U.S. Supreme Court ruling (to legalize same-sex marriage) didn't affect families across this country or make everyone around the country feel safer. This is an important step forward in this area.”
Dougherty said the state laws will be challenged to prove their “mature” legitimacy. “There are concerns about local and state courts,” he said.
The National Right to Life Committee said the ruling does not guarantee change.
“The Supreme Court took away what was and is still lawful,” committee President Matt Cartwright said. “That was the original intent of the 1996 referendum. It wasn't as clear-cut as we've now come to see. The additional legal challenges mean a lot more legal trouble for judges.”
>>> COSINE: 0.37482657107879064

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Prohibition Only Ends Once': 421 For All Group Takes Aim at Cannabis Criminal Justice Reform
>>> TEXT: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: (King Features Syndicate) - When you join a group of 16 Marylanders of diverse political and social view, liberty will once again be upheld for all.
The group, 421 For All, represents Baltimore City, Southwest Baltimore, Baltimore, Prince George’s, and Eastern Shore, Fair Oaks, and its other Districts, as well as a substantial portion of the large Downtown area. Each name, only a subset from all the group’s current efforts, dates back to the agrarian roots of the Baltimore region, and has been adapted to the emerging role that concerns policing and anti-drug issues. The group includes a lively array of black Marylanders, including the infamous native son, David DeRoos, a professor at KU Case Law School and a jurist with a master’s degree in criminal justice.
Part of the group’s inaugural series is also based on a national survey of its membership conducted by a local Business Law Group in 2014. The group’s president, Stephanie Harris, requested a random survey for community input. The majority of members who participated wanted Baltimore to maintain the criminal justice system and police independence.
A year later, their efforts are back on track. They intend to propose legislation before the General Assembly to legalize smoking in all places in Maryland including pharmacies and restaurants, while expanding their constitutional rights for individuals in state hospitals and nursing homes and community medical centers.
“There are about 50,000 new storefront businesses all across the country,” as well as the two Northern states that – Arizona and Washington – have legalized marijuana and will soon join the list in their respective states. The Garden State currently has 1,503 such stores, along with various other industries in which a large portion of the population live.
Reflecting the firm commitment of their legislative colleagues, some 83 out of their 20 colleagues, including John Scheid’s firm and other leaders, voted for repeal of the law. A measure to repeal it was defeated by 99.4 percent of the membership. Still, still the plan is to pass legislation.
Kevin Lewis of Green Henley, Baltimore County, sees no question that the effort will be successful. “It’s the business community who are behind the effort,” he said in an interview. “We’ve gotten behind it.”
The borough of Glen Burnie is also on board, with its own case-settlement and medical marijuana initiative. A proposed bill, sponsored by state Sen. Carroll Szeliga, a Democrat, would establish a new regulatory system for liquor licenses, which have faced criticism from many for their focus on legal pain.
“People’s emotions and personal relationships always collide,” Cooplin said. “We’re all about taking care of each other as long as you can.”
At the same time, he’s concerned about the manner in which his group is working on an illegal, small amount of marijuana — something that may do the damage it does to state policies in many parts of the country. “I worry about the impact,” Cooplin said. “I can understand the intent.”
The business community are part of the new fiscal environment. Baltimore, in fact, is ready to open up to other jurisdictions.
Of the group’s bills, the most popular legislation, according to Harris, is a repeal of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, or IDEA. Unnecessary paperwork can drive people to unlawful activities and harm the mental health and safety of others, she said.
“They say, ‘Oh, that’s the law.’”
Membership in the group, which counts 10,000 Marylanders, is gaining momentum. At the moment, there are more than 700 active members in the 36 offices they manage in neighborhoods across Baltimore County. “A lot of people stop by the office to talk to us,” Cooplin said. “We fill them up.”
On average, Harris and Cooplin meet with the group twice a week, with some workshops held on all issues. There will be greater focus on preparing individuals to have responsible moral behavior, cooplin said. Also, the group plans to gain experience in the areas of health care, juvenile justice, and prison.
“Our members have been trained in the difficulty of child abuse and mental health,” Cooplin said.
In addition to providing face-to-face meetings, Cooplin said the group would also support a lawsuit challenging the use of birth control pills in Maryland, arguing that the state has a conflict of interest over the medical basis of birth control.
The legalization movement’s lack of success in."
>>> COSINE: 0.2453189638413358

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Babylon... What am I doing wrong?!
>>> TEXT: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: A young Iraqi man is getting impatient with a prominent Iraqi university because of its sex scandal and under-qualified faculty
One student in Baghdad has said that in the last ten years, since the United States invaded Iraq, six people have been blacklisted on campus because of sex scandals.
Throwing cold water on the claims, one student has written to the University of Baghdad begging for the paper.
“The administration started to step up our behavior,” the student writes in front of the student media. “They decided to sell newspapers to all Iraqi-American businesses.”
The University of Baghdad wrote to the students more than a year ago saying it would “introduce a policy that will prohibit the sale of [all] US owned documents via the internet.”
“The administration is aware of the fact that this is not a normal process. They wanted to… Try to explain the process [on the university website] in more detail,” it added.
However, according to one student – who wished to remain anonymous – she continues to attend classes for one month – a visit and practice later in the month.
“They now say that a small group in the military or police forces is distributing copies of the books. I believe it’s an indication of human nature that they are bullying us. Our academic policies should be reinforced at all times,” she says.
Karim, a lecturer at Baghdad University, told BBC News: “The government now has the power to pull newspapers out of the circulation of newspapers in general and I feel very frustrated.”
>>> COSINE: 0.039050055201630934

