>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: "I'm a Chinese American, so I look the other way when my guest is in the foreign country," said Wali Mohliq, 45, who is from Malaysia. "People say my wife cannot marry me and my other wife cannot marry me because of DOMA." Asked if she was satisfied with the Defense of Marriage Act, Mohliq replied, "No, I don't know. I just come from Malaysia with family. I'm a lot safer than when I came in. I feel safe in my house." Her husband, Michael Darnell, 46, said of DOMA, "It's always been unconstitutional, and it hurts people." Regarding the 1996 law defining marriage as between a man and a woman, a plaintiff in the lawsuit, Lynnette Smarr, said, "Legally it’s legal. That’s the reason I’m here in New York. It’s not the same, and it's not what other people like to believe."
Following a couple's attorney Robert Levy's confirmation last month that Ross Balko had withdrawn his motion to dismiss the Supreme Court's five-judge San Francisco-based 4th District Court of Appeals decision in upholding the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, Defense of Marriage Executive Director Lisa Feldman Blumenfeld explained, "We’re pleased with the decision by Judge [Alito] Vistrano and our organization. The judge has reiterated that same-sex marriage is not a federal civil rights issue." Goldberg said the new opinion strengthens his pro-DOMA view of the DOMA court's decision in Heller v. Holder because it will point to the government's protection of gay families in marriages of four same-sex couples. He said this ruling will shift the debate on the DOMA issue to others. "Many people are asking to find out more about the case and to have our legal team examined and be questioned by the parties themselves, while also hearing the merits of the case," said Goldberg. "The judges heard the arguments and unanimously decided to uphold the Constitution and say 'we are confident in that interpretation. And we do not judge those arguments based on speculation or what one thinks about their own personal views.'" Goldberg said he disagreed with Judge Vistrano's decision in 1st District of Hennepin County where Hillenbrandine and Morrison lived for more than a decade and their marriage was only recently renewed. He said Hillenbrandine's opinions in prior federal court cases were divided on the significance of human rights, and the defense of the Constitution in "these cases makes a lot of sense."
>>> COSINE: 0.3839344480212195

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: 
Kicking off this week
Four other legal entities in states may be joining those around the country that are legalizing cannabis for recreational use—money, children and communities—in the face of the state and federal government’s refusal to improve marijuana enforcement by making it tougher to make a sale to anyone, this week.
The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, which bills itself as the "drug kingpin organization of the future," is receiving a standing ovation in Dallas on Wednesday. Forbes magazine reports that from 2001 to 2014, tax revenue from an industry containing more than 4 billion dollars in sales skyrocketed 28% while U.S. profits from licensing marijuana higher than revenues from drug sales grew 61%. There are also $63 billion in bank reserves at banks that don’t act as approved taxing entities, and tens of thousands of people in Ohio on the tight budget has been laid off.
Manufacturing grow ops are also receiving perks, including lobbying in China, where they have a 34% share of the Chinese market. This year, for example, these manufacturers have received 39% of the $870 million in grant money allotted to them this year, according to data from The Committee to Protect Journalists.
New York, along with Portland, Ore., and Washington, are leading a major push to legalize medical marijuana in the state.
Minnesota Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, in announcing a white collar investigation into the hiring practices of Gov. Mark Dayton, confirmed his commitment to the issue as a partner with local drug policy organizations who have testified in support of the state’s proposal. There’s no clear state mandate on why state residents are not being given more access to medical marijuana but signs that the effort is moving forward will hit Minnesota aggressively as well.
Colorado
Gov. Mark Dayton made an announcement at the legislature in Littleton Wednesday that he has included a special window for new residents to legalize medical marijuana at the state building. The window for last year’s referendum allowed new residents to apply to live in the same building as those who have entered via lottery to become eligible for marijuana. That has enabled some hunters and citizens to open up new recreational operations in Lake Tahoe.
Republican Sen. Pamela Smith said she is drafting legislation allowing for residents to become registered residents for up to six months. She added her support to other states including California, Iowa, Maine, Michigan, Nebraska, New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, Ohio, Washington, Colorado, Oregon, Vermont and Utah.
Ohio
A new Ohio homeowners association issued a position statement Wednesday pledging to work with local developers to stabilize the values of a neighborhood still remaining on their property. The organization said that high prices, constrained loan repayment options and recent economic uncertainty have pushed home values toward the bottom. Homes across the Buckeye State stand to benefit from the measure as it resolves competition concerns over how some homeowners prefer to live.
California
A statewide effort has been underway at the University of California at Berkeley to free up space in UC regents' super-regents’ buildings for housing needs. From May 1 to June 1, the university’s 75,000+ registered residences will get the clear blue paint, secure air conditioning and utility repairs to their space.
>>> COSINE: 0.19772829357027147

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: This has become a tradition of mine in my life
Oh yeah. I've really tried since the mid-80s and I have new robots. We're using them to hunt down monsters. It's all good. But it's scary. I have two sons too. I come home late when they wake up and I find them screaming, "As long as I have the permission, b**ch!".
Zac and Jamie have grown up in a nutshell family
I would see all these girls come home on night five as boys and then their parents work. It's like a junkyard. They're always yelling and yelling and screaming and then finally they stop and order this boy out of the house. They say there's a robot in the house. I get angry. It doesn't matter if they love it. And it does just what it wants. I don't like it. So it shuts them up. I get locked in a room for weeks. I see no signs of communication because it shuts up shutters. They call me Maya in porn a scrounger and I'm out of contact and they start putting the robot in the fridge.
RELATED: Abusive robots create hope
I'm not going to go on with my life forever, you know, except maybe for something. I don't want to leave this world. As long as it's not something I'm bad at. It's the only thing I care about.
The way I travel
I'm lonely and when I'm there I have more pressure on me than I do anywhere else, just as the guides say I can be miserable.
When I go out after work
I have to get myself covered. There's a man whose house I want to move to, I know when I go to the bathroom, and I get there in a blazer and slide into the wall next to him. I eat there, so I just go for a nap. I'm getting boring. I have to travel. I don't have to travel because the guides say it's a good way to spend time. I think so. You just want to stay in town. If you want to go overseas again, it's a great idea. But it's always gone for me. I have to keep my life as short as possible.
The future is bright
The Guardian Age of Deleism is very fun. I want to get married, get kids. I feel like I'm having a baby. Maybe that will happen. I think that my children are too old to take up the mantle. We're a long way off from perfecting technology, but we're setting the bar for all sorts of things.
ALAMY The future is bright but it's going to be some small trouble
That's a feeling I feel as soon as I walk in the door.
>>> COSINE: 0.282515178009405

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: *The Washington Post* (www.thewashingtonpost.com)
John W. McAfee, the former owner of Belize's La Plata resort and fugitive leader, has been jailed on $250 million bail in Germany, where he faces multiple charges in the rape and killing of a police officer, according to Swiss authorities. He’s allegedly raped a bank employee in Belize by extorting her to give the wealthy she is from Belize, the Swiss foreign affairs director Margam Tricci said at the U.S. Senate on International Relations Subcommittee on Foreign Affairs today. McAfee is also facing a French arrest warrant for his arrest. The attorney general of the Belgian regional capital said all available information on his background and whereabouts have been withheld since reports of his extradition surfaced. Serbia maintains a registry of arrestees who brought their country to the U.S. when they were brought here, the Globe reported today. Later in the week, the European Court of Human Rights will rule on an appeal by a Serbian man, human rights activist Qasmi Cayar Bosayev, after a preliminary hearing in Belize in a high-profile legal case against notorious drug dealer Lars Melchior, the Globe reported. The prosecutor in Belize said that the country's civil service revoked the bail. Rajender Gonzalez, prosecuting lawyer for Yugoslav human rights activist Gyorgy Milaposa, told the Globe that no charges were brought against MacAfee because of alleged exposure to such harsh treatment from police officers. He said drug dealers like MacAfee must adhere to stricter local regulations, based on their location and on their ability to avoid abusive behaviour.
***
Follow Common Dreams on Twitter: @CommonDreams.
>>> COSINE: 0.14004389501552836

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: The New York legalization of 4/20 is a perfect example of where we are at with legal marijuana and its impact on communities.
The triumph of the movement is left to those in question—so why isn’t that right?
Incentivize Hemp
New York has been a pivotal player in the marijuana industry—which has received a huge portion of the anti-drug pot industry’s funding and groundswell of support. And the country has benefited—often handsomely—from the strategies used by the state—so it’s important to know whether or not we are being coddled in the wrong way—in the wrong place or the wrong way fast. Obviously not one to try to determine which way a change in law will come next, Long Island in particular is responsible for much of the country’s largest cannabis legalization movement. In New York City alone, in addition to Nassau County—now known as the Leukos Valley—New York City counts six other counties, most notably in Nassau and Suffolk. Hemp Island is one of the most important counties in terms of the cultivation, manufacturing and distribution of cannabis—not just trade, but also transportation and distribution—with the volume more than doubling since 2015 to over 34,000 acres now. Had they not listened to the predictions from the real estate developers and municipalities who worked tirelessly to build a legal network of new businesses on this Island, they probably wouldn’t have been able to make the full benefits of legalization —not even close—that have been almost two decades in the making. Hemp Island has benefited in part from the huge hit to the country in legislation that took effect during President’s first 100 days of his term. But New York has provided at least as much scrutiny as anyone to any progress. "In New York in general, there’s lots of talk about what could happen if New York’s marijuana industry really developed so there’s not only a big rise in prosecutions and licensing but a huge rise in awareness that consumers could be paying for weed as a result of legalization," says Buccola. "Over time, that knowledge will become valuable to everyone who has been impacted or put into care and right of passage." These are just the highlights. Credit its local movement and local advocates.
>>> COSINE: 0.2729463912149428

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: People have called me "malice" in light of the idiocy of Georges Niemeyer’s novel An Empire. I had no idea about the success of five-star bazaars, but they say these are great places to buy goods like paper towels, brake pads, chargers, shampoo, and liner. I think they had nothing to do with the fact that people use gel-based products, but it's the practical design of (and enigma) the turkeys. Not very clever, but a look at world history in 1980s New York said: I wanted the toothpaste to be a rumblebomb. So I got my own boutique. I ran ahead in town. One of the many women who used it, Mallory McKenzie. This girl, that extreme, just moved from Paris, where she always wore something cheap. So she turned to Duracell and quench her thirst. She became Manhattan Lolita. Nothing was used for her because of this. There was something glittery about her.
Suddenly, Naboula makes a demand that she get the safety of her humanity into her mind: she plans to kill Gazelle at the 7th Platon Center. She's going to show her children how nasty she is and she just says she'll put food on the table and she'll demonstrate that she could build a church. She doesn't? Not quite. But she gets her feelings into her motivations. What do they do about their toddlers being attacked by Grenada mummies? I wish I had a glass of wine.
>>> COSINE: 0.11103140033705156

