>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: 
Catholic Church members are not sending their beloved pension funds to public defenders to defend the Catholic Church against anti-gay laws.
Catholic bishops are refusing to defend the recently passed constitutional amendment banning the teaching of any religion on marriage even in cases of special preference for married couples.
According to the Legislative Record of the Episcopal Episcopal Parish, Episcopal churches will continue to offer marriage counseling in Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, and Wisconsin. The pastors do not recognize same-sex unions, but order civil marriage and thus, marriage.
This represents an act of ignorance by the very church which is the victim of such anti-gay laws. The Ordinary Pastors of the Anglican Communion, present in government papers, and other bishops have not publicized their efforts to defend Marriage Rights to the States. Recently they announced their stance to the United Nations in New York, but have not followed the Church’s “London Declaration,” which affirmed that "marriage should be between a man and a woman, as accepted in all but the highest court."
I have spent most of my life defending who is entitled to marry anyone. In 2003, the UN adopted a Declaration of Principles for Marriage, which strongly supports the law of marital equality. It included an abortion provision that was especially troubling for those whose pregnancies are aborted. International courts have condemned abortion as a form of “cruel and unusual punishment,” as Geoffrey Robertson, defending the post-Obama era embargo on all of this, said in his 2008 Newsweek Op-Ed. Indeed, over the past 10 years, pro-choice leaders have called for legal restrictions on the amendment because there are so many other concerns raised. While the measures taken by the sexual-implant ban on abortion have dramatically weakened abortion rights in all but two of the cases the UN pointed out have been upheld. Why should homosexual bishops support abortion rights? The latter is to some extent a relative movement. After all, the abortion issue is not just a legal issue but also a moral issue as a group. Gay Protestants are doing well. It's a new phenomenon.
--
Paul Goodwin, an Oregon–based freelance writer, is the author of “Sacred Life: Solomon Lend Descent: Follow the Footsteps of a Peaceable Christian”.
>>> COSINE: 0.2450409566226332

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: The actor turned activist behind the vinyl star and Columbia Records exec, Sarah Palin, hosted a live multi-screen presentation from the National Mall in Washington D.C. across the street from the main entrance of the state Capitol on July 15, 2017. Eleven Grammy nominated actors, seven Marvel superheroes, 10 directors and two live comedians plus three pilots from Dark Horse Entertainment attended.
Actor Tom Ford is among the stars who are still in the throes of winning backlash from members of Congress over his 2007 off-screen role in Obama’s epic new children’s book, “The Invention of Lying.” He responded to a guest on SiriusXM television’s This Week’s Music by adding: “I look forward to having discussions with people at all levels of government and business to better address their own flaws and those of society.”
Cochran has been familiar with the political side of legalization, and he distanced himself from the rhetoric being used in Congress about legalization, first touting it as a way to change policy and then criticizing it as being needed to protect children. He has cited the federal government’s enforcement of criminal fines and seizures as evidence of broader U.S. domination of drugs. “They have to be allowed to pass the laws that they used to serve their purpose,” he said. “They need to pass laws that protect the rights of parents, they need to protect kids and, indeed, children and their civil rights, so that there’s nothing to hide, nothing to prevent them from doing their job.”
>>> COSINE: 0.14131269593987006

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: Things like Babylon are the driving force behind this guide, the inspiration for the "girl war" to become the leader of a starship. The language and technology make it work. Babylon can work like any other phone call, making it the ultimate sharable intelligence. Above all, the people you meet have mustend that are a thousand years old. The Age of Enlightenment, New Day. All that wireless wireless. Probably got my ass kicked. But I'll make up my mind after what goes on in the game and my Son starts a campaign. I say "bipartisan" like that. Pretty clever. I fail to bite the bullet. Sometimes I'm going to kill everybody who tries to contribute.
Still, hell, I can do 100 things on my own, so I won't end up dead. I've got my hand on New York State, too.
Now I have New York State and I'm perfectly happy to work there. Obviously, I couldn't make it to the end of the world without having some seriously bloody beast. I've got my guide. When I start a lot of cheating I slowly develop the ability to take out the monster so that he's on my tail. When I run out of choices I start killing the impossible before I can even get into it. I feel powerless. I can't execute any more. I have a vague fear. I can't perform any more. I feel guilty about trying to screw up. I'm not one to be resentful. As long as it's even possible, it's possible.
LIFE IS A SEXY SUBSTITUTION. I don't write. I take a dip with a water snake. I pee with it. I sleep with a ball of plastic. I lay on a rope attached to my boots. It's a snake, I think. I sweat in it like a pet, but when I'm half done it's hard to breathe. It gets hot, but it cooks a little faster than you can say cold turkey. Mine are written (implausibly) and they require a certain amount of persistence on your part.
Read about Babylon through the memories of the Scout.
LIFE IS PART OF THE SOCIAL NETWORK. I fight for equal rights. I say something less than enlightening and be like in Hannibal Lecter in Cold Comfort. I pretend to be 50. My family is in the west. They have this weird feeling. It's you here. Some geniuses call you and say things like, "You don't know what a fuck I'm doing, you don't know what I'm dealing with, you have to pretend it's you." And it's like you don't know what you're dealing with. I just think it's cruel. I just don't understand everything I hear or read. I don't understand what it feels like to be doing these things, but I guess I feel compelled to do it. I hate doing things. It kills me. I'm chasing buttons. I don't need to work on things. I need the courage to do them. I'm just leaving it up to the guide to stay on my ass.
>>> COSINE: 0.3361060581946807

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2012/04/03/same-sex-couples-challenge-defense-marriage-act
>>> TITLE: The Defense of Marriage Act, a 1996 law which defines marriage as between a man and a woman, is being challenged in a lawsuit by five same-sex couples. The couples, working with Immigration Equality, a gay rights group that focuses on immigration, brought the case before US District Court yesterday. They argued that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against non-citizens in same-sex marriages who might wish to gain legal residence in the US. Salon's Glenn Greenwald, who is forced to live in Brazil with his same-sex partner as a result of the Defense of Marriage Act, said "[t]his is one of those injustices so extreme and indefensible that it’s difficult, at least for me, to avoid high levels of anger when discussing, and it’s even more difficult to understand how any person could favor its continuation." Five same-sex couples challenged a U.S. law barring the federal government from recognizing gay marriages, saying its impact is harsh on non-citizens' spouses. The lawsuit challenging the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, was filed Monday by Immigration Equality in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. "I'm a citizen of this country just like anybody else," Heather Morgan, 36, a plaintiff in the lawsuit with her spouse, Maria del Mar Verdugo Yanez, who is from Spain, told The New York Times. "I'm very proud of this country. I don't want to feel like I have to leave here in order to be with the person I love. I shouldn't have to choose." Most of the immigrants have been in the United States legally on temporary visas that will expire soon, the Times said. Under immigration law, a citizen can apply for a foreign spouse to gain legal permanent residency, experts said. However, federal authorities do not recognize same-sex marriages under DOMA, leaving same-sex couples with the choice of deportation for the immigrant or exile for the American. Immigration Equality Executive Director Rachel Tiven said the organization urged federal officials to suspend deportations of immigrants in same-sex marriages as court challenges to DOMA worked through the legal system, but the authorities declined, prompting the lawsuit, the Times said. In February 2011, the Obama administration announced that it considered the key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutionally discriminatory, and that officials no longer would defend it in the courts. Five legally married same-sex couples filed a lawsuit on Monday to challenge the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, arguing that its impact is particularly harsh on couples that include an American citizen and a foreigner.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: Gay rights group brings lawsuit; claims DOMA treats non-citizens unfairly
>>> GROVER: Conflict over federal law in the United States. That way, the courts would hear and rule on aspects of the law not involved in an ordinary business, such as a business where they view their partner as the actual owner and employees. Domestic Separation by same-sex couples In Massachusetts, the state's largest federal court system is used by federal judges to rule over domestic civil unions. Judges often rule on the laws affecting the right to same-sex marriage, even when other federal laws are not involved. The case against DOMA, filed by Jessica Lynch and Michael Callaghan, documents a decades-old conflict between the law banning gay marriages and federal legislation. In July, the US Supreme Court said the federal government should not dictate the religious exercise of religious speech. "The Supreme Court has taken up several different cases in the past 30 years questioning a federal law that forbids the government from recognizing same-sex marriages," said Lori Najarian, a professor of sociology at the University of Maryland and one of the plaintiffs. "The federal law denies homosexual couples the protections that their opposite-sex spouses enjoy under state law." The lawsuit, filed Monday in Philadelphia, does not allege any wrongdoing by the federal government, however. Lynch and Callaghan have in the past worked for a company that allows same-sex couples to take part in business activities.
>>> COSINE: 0.4256929511236516

>>> URL: commondreams.org/news/2019/04/17/prohibition-only-ends-once-421-all-group-takes-aim-cannabis-criminal-justice-reform
>>> TITLE: Activists are taking advantage of the day after the country's biggest weed holiday to spread a message of diversity, inclusion, and restorative justice as legalization at the state and federal level increasingly becomes the law of the land. A new group, 421 For All, aims to use the day after 4/20—a national day to enjoy marijuana products—to promote what organizer Sky Cohen, a New York-based event promoter and activist, called "equitable growth in the industry." "Prohibition only ends once," said Cohen. "We want to make sure that our intervention encourages policy that guarantees access to those who have been historically criminalized." The push for a more equitable marijuana industry begins with the legalization process, 421 For All founder Cristina Buccola told Cannabis Now Wednesday, but shouldn't end there. "Cannabis legalization all too frequently omits meaningful criminal justice reforms, fails to repair communities that have borne the brunt of prohibition, doesn’t require diverse economic, ownership and educational opportunities, and forgets to protect patients’ rights and our environment," said Buccola. The group will kick off its inaugural fundraising event on April 21 at New York's Chelsea Music Hall. "The event is going to be a mixture of spoken presentation from our beneficiary organizations and music from local talent," said Cohen. "The event will be hosted by Mike Glazer and Mary Jane from Weed + Grub Podcast." 421 For All is live-streaming the fundraiser for free. The group's advocacy for equity and fairness in the cannabis industry comes at a unique moment for marijuana policy in the country. "The concept of 421 was born out of frustration: mainstream cannabis conversations were failing to address the non-commercial aspects of cannabis legalization, like criminal justice reform," said Buccola. States are increasingly legalizing the plant—leading to discussions about what to do about thousands of drug convictions. And some are taking the initiative to right the wrongs of the past. In Maine, three separate bills which aim to seal or erase marijuana convictions are moving through the statehouse. Across the country, in Washington state, lawmakers in both chambers of the state's Congress already passed comprehensive legislation that would vacate marijuana convictions for those over 21 at the time of their arrest—over 69,000 cases. Cohen told Common Dreams that he hopes to see the same thing happen in New York, where he lives. "Soon we will see dispensaries opening up in communities where local cannabis entrepreneurs were incarcerated," said Cohen.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: On 4/20, we celebrate the cannabis plant. On 4/21 we celebrate the people who are focused on these crucial matters of cannabis justice, amplify their message, and have a call to action to continue the work.
>>> GROVER: http://www.commonfeet.com/scante/4/legalize/commonfeet-take-a-career-first-for-atlanta-the-last-chance-of-explaining-what-they-want/
Here’s the group’s sixth billboard on Broadway, painted in the tradition of the Parisian Fraîche or Zenit, titled Tomorrow’s Brigade. It reads “I believe the power of pot should transcend socio-economic realities.” As shown above, the billboard obscures several of the figures that were captured in the film shown in the film. The group told CUR that the message is powerful as it is “there is no limiting purpose for people’s actions to change their perceptions and access to cannabis.” It also points out: “We feel absolutely thrilled that legalization will end prison.” “Thank you for believing in this Movement,” said 501 leader Peter Blount, according to Commonfeet. “Hopefully the people would look back on 4/20 and remember what they heard and done, and the folks who were incarcerated and impacted by what happened during that period of time, not an instant bomb,” said Blount. The group also announced a new billboard at Broadway from Colonia, NY on Broadway, which also features a call and take sign, dressed in green and white, supporting New York City Council Speaker Corey Johnson’s attempt to eliminate zero-tolerance laws for the sale of weed. “I think people can see that it’s open season on marijuana,” said Heather Bammer, coordinating organizing coordinator with Together For an Equality Tomorrow. “We think this is a powerful reminder to take a stand.” The national day of legalization will be held on April 21, sometime in September.
>>> COSINE: 0.23186892420618715

>>> URL: reddit.com/r/CivStrategy/comments/8sz6q5/civ_5_babylon_what_am_i_doing_wrong/
>>> TITLE: Everyone says babylon is so great. Everyone says it rocks. Yet every time I use it, I just end up getting my ass kicked. I do everything the guides say to do. I play tall. I concentrate on growth. I beeline Writing, get GL out before anyone else. I restrict to 3-4 cities (not that I'm even capable of playing wide, never got the hang of it). I'm being peaceful. I'm going tradition. Just like the guides say. I manage to build GL, Temple of Artemis, and Oracle. I do the Nat Collage thing before I settle my next city. My opening is Scout, Scout, Shrine. Like I'm supposed to. Yet, midgame it all falls apart. Nothing ever goes the way it's supposed to. I end up with happiness problems. They say sell your stuff, but everyone around me is either a complete ass who won't trade with me or already has everything I have or has nothing to trade. I try building Notre Dame but everyone snipes that. I Have no clue where I'm going wrong. And it's angering me to no end. I find myself ragequitting by turn 180. I'm playing Prince. I can't even beat the game on PRINCE with Babylon. I feel like the only civ I can play with any reliability is Venice. That I can beat the game on up to Emperor. Never tried Immortal with it.
>>> TEXT: 
>>> SUMMARY: 
>>> GROVER: If it wasn't for AI, MIT and GL would have many more structures. Some are very dark, some very brave and some very liberal.
The leaders of the world must realise that nothing has been able to be done to help these young Native Americans survive. So, they spend all the effort on ignoring the advancing masses.
Just look at their lives. Once I'm president I have 250 policies to benefit the Indian people. If they're asking where I'm going wrong and where I'm going wrong, they're almost being equal. Once you walk off with an AK-47, the next person at home doesn't look like you. The leader or activists do their best to ignore the final leader at the edge. How frustrating is it when our hearts break when they say, I've been hurt by you that whole time? Too scary for me to choose another president.
And all these sacrifices – one for a lofty cause – might really feel like the most difficult decision I've ever been in. So, I start saving myself and I'm just doing it. I need to make it a bit more difficult. I guess I am, bless my soul. Now, am I the only one who doesn't prefer WHO?
This question should be asked to the "much more difficult" politician. Every time you tell someone that you're going to betray you by being a slave and chained to a slave, tell them what you're doing is stupid and will be incredibly stupid.
>>> COSINE: 0.25885657005010204

