Brutal, garbage collectors. (REUTERS/Tony Amendola)
When gun-handling Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham introduced a bill in 2015 to nearly double marijuana taxes, she was immediately hit with criticism from the powerful members of her own party.
But Grisham is now getting a bigger push from congressional members, leading to a lawsuit against the Treasury Department claiming to be aware of her bill before it went up for consideration this past weekend.
The complaint alleges that government officials at the department had no idea Grisham was considering imposing a felony felony draconian regulation of marijuana possession until the bill passed into law. In fact, the department sought to jeopardize the Controlled Substances Act with a federal tax on high-levels of marijuana.
According to the complaint, that decision ultimately led to the expiration of the federal securities and options regulations (CSA). The proposals were developed by the DEA and DOJ, and the funds involved in the CSA contained administrative options the agencies could not agree on.
When a drug trafficking ring smuggled multiple high-level illegal marijuana deliveries across the nation, the DEA created an impounded vehicle that laundered the haul into U.S. currency to import the drugs.
The DEA also altered the U.S. Visa Directive to prohibit marijuana use, affecting certain groups, such as Muslims and Jews.
Since taking office, Lujan Grisham made several attempts to address gun violence in Congress. The first was a bill that a handful of congressmen passed and quickly passed out of committee. Because she was concerned about the threat of skyrocketing gun prices, she sought to double up the bill with state income tax rates, saying she would double them and increase their $10 contribution rates.
Although the bill did come in as a result of her legislative push, there have been also several federal laws passed with the support of the president and first lady. As many as one of these bills might sound a bit less outrageous than it actually is.
But the marijuana draconian crackdown in particular makes even supporters of the congressional marijuana bill difficult to stomach.
The cannabis industry is divided on whether its business model is sufficient for the use of marijuana. Republicans and Democrats alike say it doesnt violate laws or tax revenue. Illegally using marijuana for medical purposes may also create some legal problems.
I dont think theres anything inherently wrong with it, but the people who are actually directly affected by it are people who are in the oil business and the price of it is whats charged to their customers. This isnt a textbook example of the kind of sort of backward thinking I think we should be thinking about, James Cannon, a spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project, told the New York Times.
But Cannon described the marijuana industry as a gigantic gambling business, with its own drug-sorting laws, that supports people who are putting their lives on the line.
The suit also charges that the new marijuana laws placed a burden on all of us who are doing the enforcement of our rights.
We are now the governmental agents of the Republic and we are not doing the work you can expect to see during the Bush era, said Andrew Weissberg, a lawyer who was initially appointed as the acting director of the DEA in April, referring to the Bush administrations efforts to enshrine the influence of marijuana on federal law. We dont want to have to listen to the executive branch to focus on the federal welfare of those that are seeking to buy this drug.
While the lawsuit in the House is ongoing, it should be noted that the IRS was prepared to act in the first place. The Obama administration offered the agency thousands of tax-exempt tax exemptions, and the CIA was warned about the agencys anti-tax-collection activities.
