Scientific studies show that marijuana is deadly.
Colorado has been the latest state to enact legislation that grants marijuana possession and use a form of supervised consumption (POC)  an experimental method that other states have adopted. Among other things, the federal Controlled Substances Act makes it a crime to possess, cultivate, or sell marijuana in the United States.
That legislation allows growers and suppliers to issue warrants to enter into business relationships that prohibit persons from possessing, consuming, or selling marijuana for medicinal or recreational purposes.
Those who receive prison sentences and fines for POC-related offenses would be able to purchase and possess marijuana for recreational use in Colorado.
For those who choose to massively consume the marijuana, it is possible to eliminate the use of marijuana from the equation by purchasing a facilitated marijuana brand like Aurora Cannabis. They could legally extract, brand, and flavor the marijuana and store it safely for generations to come, according to reports.
Co-authored by the Harvard medical school and the Center for Bioethics, all of the studies considered evidence from academic literature documenting the phenomenon known as the pot epidemic.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) also released its analysis of the evidence for the ingestion of marijuana from individuals. The criteria provided for cannabis consumption and what remains is proof that the ingestion of marijuana can lead to increased risk of chronic disease, cancer, high blood pressure, and an increased risk of heart attack.
The evidence shows that marijuana is not a cause-and-effect, but a substance that can be used to treat pain, treat headaches, increase blood pressure, and increase certain cognitive abilities, says the study.
Of course, there are still barriers to the use of marijuana, as documented by external experts and as people widely view marijuana, including the lack of harm mitigation measures it can help to mitigate with exposure to harmful exposures.
As the founder of Aurora Cannabis, which began in 2011 in Las Vegas, Dr. Susan Berry has worked on a couple of medical marijuana initiatives. She says growing cannabis is taking place slowly on an experimental level, and we dont necessarily have all the evidence we need.
