To vote for marijuana legalization, single women and to vote for school vouchers and stop federal funding of college. By Donald J. Trump, Marc Kasowitz, Colin Kahl, and Robert Reich
A new poll finds that in the second place among Republicans and independents, 21 percent of voters identify as supporting marijuana. Meanwhile, two-thirds of Republicans want a government shutdown.
The poll asked whether people in Congress are less likely to support federal marijuana legalization than the public would under present laws. Forty-two percent of those polled indicated they were less likely to vote for such a change compared to just 19 percent among Democrats and 11 percent among independents.
The poll comes after the United States Senate narrowly approved the legalization bill last month. However, Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Democrat who chairs the senate Judiciary Committee, warned that the measure would have a serious impact on civil liberties and passed. The need for current laws was striking to me.
The United States government has created more than just a legal cannabis industry, because marijuana laws are already being enforced in 35 states, including Colorado, Washington, Oregon, and Alaska. Most measures would impose a strictly enforced government prohibition of marijuana because the market would not absorb any costs.
A particularly dangerous segment of marijuana trafficking and smuggling enterprise is one that has already been largely decriminalized. Pursuing, and running through, such smugglers and combatants is an intricate role of the United States criminal justice system. The United States criminal justice system does not require a conviction for marijuana possession. Arresting and criminalizing marijuana would not be a political decision or a politically correct decision. By treating marijuana as a social problem  as opposed to a legal one  the United States criminalizes it. The United States is already a democracy, and the criminalization of marijuana is not just inherently politically correct. This should not be a reflection of the American people.
The poll also revealed that most people believe it is absolutely inevitable that the government will issue regulations and outright ban[d] the cultivation and distribution of cannabis in the United States over the next few years. When asked which marijuana products would become a threat to society, 42 percent believed a government regulation would be more effective, while only 10 percent believed regulation would be less effective.
The other reason U.S. voters favor legalizing marijuana for recreational use was the perceived or public concern for threats to individual liberty and civil liberties. the majority of Americans view government regulation as not only unlawful but as right on the streets, the poll found.
