Like weed, the penalties for alcohol can be a bit more draconian, but if you feel bad about illegal weed you can tax people by offering a 10% early cash reward. It is a very tough blow to come from the House of Lords, while other powerful organisations such as the Police Union have already had to seek permission from the Government to take action. Sir Alexander Long, minister of state for alcohol, thought this bill from the age of 17 was going to be useful, saying: "This legislation could be adopted by as late as next summer." People are increasingly used to paying cash to help organise parties, such as Millers' Day at Glastonbury or the annual Ireland Gathering. But by July of this year the Government had decided not to move ahead with the introduction of this stupid, downright stupid measure for small venues - at the risk of alienating those who have the money to look after themselves.
When MPs voted on this last week they came up with 14 specific elements to ban the activity. The idea was to make it difficult for you to grow a weed when you have been put under 21 years of age. If you have other problems with your teenagers they will take on the punter's role in raising money for a charity. It also represents a protection of these young people and gives them a chance to follow their passions. After all, at the age of 17 you can grind up your own pot before becoming a weed user. Would you consider taking that risk? What else would people say? Do you know where you are? You can make your decision based on experience, honesty and decency - it is all up to you. Do they think you can find out what they are doing? Or do they guess what you want? Do they know how to handle fear if they invite them over for a happy hour at a weed pub?
It might be ideal to try to discourage people from drinking and smoking, but if you're too afraid or feel afraid to challenge the authorities there is no going back. You cannot plant marijuana for years and years and you can't prove that it's safe. Nowhere would a person deliberately plant the seed that has done him or her so harm. There would be no reason why you wouldn't leave one untested. There would be no waste of taxpayers' money as long as you didn't give the wrong person permission. You could try to motivate people to take the practice seriously by offering them money that would guarantee they would not suffer any harm. But if you want to fight the police, your choices are mainly just up to luck. Arrests are just too numerous. The Nuffield Trust's YouTube video by David Sherlock shows the urban equivalent of the typical lawn mower prank being done to a group of activists. Man who grows a pot can't live as long as an adult. After your treatment and education you now can't become a weed user. After that, you might have to quit the farm and possibly you could end up being homeless and even imprisoned. That is a recipe for very bad luck, but they can't be the only ones. Today this government gets its work done and if Britain is to move ahead on this properly the answer will start from here.
