I smoked all day every day for almost 9 years then cut back to a gram maybe twice a month. That was about 3 years ago. I've thought a lot about this. Weed makes you think you need more. Many people who smoke weed feel they aren't high enough until they are literal zombies who can't really function very well socially. If you only smoke a little at a given time you'll be far less annoying and far more connected to people who aren't high. This is important for any kind of productivity involving other people who aren't your equally stoned peers. Weed makes you miss it when it's gone. I can't count the number of times I've been high as a kite and demonstrated to myself precisely why I should smoke less, only to go right back to my rose colored glasses when I ran out. Have boundaries. Weed robs the people who love you of your actual self. People who are high every waking minute have one major blind spot: all the people who know you best, know your moods and your mind and temperament, namely your parents, can draw a clear line on the calendar between the you that you naturally grew up to be, and the you that is now always high. This change may not be the worst thing in the world, but do yourself and your parents a favor and spend at least some time every week with a clear head. Weed exacerbates productivity issues. If you are a procrastinator, if you're self destructive, if you are constantly in denial of your faults and responsibilities, well marijuana might as well have been tailored by Satan himself specifically for you. You aren't doing yourself any favors, zero, with an every day habit. TL;DR Have boundaries:Don't get stoned to oblivion unless you don't have things to do. Give yourself and your loved ones days where you are just you. Remember why these things are important when you aren't high and you really want some weed. Stay vigilant about the parts of your personality that will be particularly susceptible to being manipulated by marijuana in a negative way. And for Christ's sake legalize pot already, sugar kills people every day. Just because a substance requires responsibility to be used properly is not a reason to do prohibition.