Technically, the Controlled Substance Act, which created the federal "Drug Schedules," explicitly states that the Drug Enforcement Agency and Food and Drug Administration, both of which are entirely under the direction of Obama and his "Drug Czar," retains [full power to reschedule any drug on the list](), including marijuana, with another route being provided that allows the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (Kathleen Sebelius) to unilaterally deschedule marijuana. It seems that the Attorney General (Eric Holder), under Obama's direction, is given the authority: (see sections 811+)to initiate hearings for the rescheduling of a drug. Technically Obama also has the power to order the rescheduling unilaterally, and to order the defunding of efforts to eliminate the drug. These different theories are discussed at length here: >The United States Code, under Section 811 of Title 21,[15] sets out a process by which cannabis could be administratively transferred to a less-restrictive category or removed from Controlled Substances Act regulation altogether. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) evaluates petitions to reschedule cannabis. However, the Controlled Substances Act gives the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), as successor agency of the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, great power over rescheduling decisions.> After the DEA accepts the filing of a petition, the agency must request from the HHS Secretary "a scientific and medical evaluation, and his recommendations, as to whether such drug or other substance should be so controlled or removed as a controlled substance." The Secretary's findings on scientific and medical issues are binding on the DEA. The HHS Secretary can even unilaterally legalize cannabis: "[I]f the Secretary recommends that a drug or other substance not be controlled, the Attorney General shall not control the drug or other substance." 21 U. S. C.  811b. But if Obama is OK with [ordering extrajudicial assassinations](), surely the power to reschedule a cancer cure drug is within his "executive discretion," no? Regardless of this legal path for rescheduling which is sure to result in absolutely no progress? Maybe I'm being too optimistic.