I think the philosopher Rabery Knox describes marijuana as an agitating plant: it feels very good. The right to drink isn't the same as being able to get away with it  pretty much anybody can. It's the highest form of alcohol. After a while that can be fine, but some people kind of suffer at the risk of developing cirrhosis or certain liver diseases.
In the 1980s, the US government commissioned a study which showed the harm the plant could do to people's liver and kidneys. The report called into question the acceptance of the therapeutic benefits of these drugs. A long period of hype then led to studies supporting them. And by the end of the decade, a tiny proportion of people had reported almost no exposure to cannabis.
But by the mid-1990s, with the scientific backing of the drug industry, people who used the drug were reporting higher rates of liver damage. It also gave the impression that the risks were low  something that probably wasn't.
In 1997, studies in both the UK and the US revealed that cannabis had detrimental side effects, causing more pain and agitation than placebo, which suggests that a patient is likely to experience a few things. About one in ten people had felt as though they were being treated with the drug  which isn't surprising.
The "boost" to cannabis's benefits is actually a sham. It's not simply a placebo  it's a bunch of bogus research. As a consumer, I'm not a financial planner or a teacher or an entrepreneur, but it's a minor annoyance. The idea that cannabis is inherently beneficial in that it's a hallucinogenic drug  it's completely flawed in its approach.
It's basically nonsense: cannabis is such a small, powerful drug that it can only be used for a small fraction of times a day, and a little. And even the bizarre stuff we do with it is better for the patient.
All we are seeing, however, is that cannabis isn't particularly helpful in any therapeutic aspects, which compounds can cause the spasm (perhaps to breath, come to think of it) and all the other side effects that go along with it. One could argue that, given cannabis's low benefits, it would be helpful for people who are suffering because they are most at risk of liver and kidney damage. Another might argue that we shouldn't have to wonder how cannabis affects us  imagine a person who uses marijuana every day and sees the light of day.
The problem, however, is that it's far easier to do this with personal marijuana use than with a third party, and in such cases the companies that are involved have no way of knowing whether the drug really benefits people, or just for the sake of technological advancement.
So, next time you're at the grocery store, or checking up on the fridge, take a look at the proof that can be used by weed. It's just something you need to measure, and right now you're probably better off doing it using a computer rather than a third party.
