The fact that the person who shot Trayvon Martin isn't from a "Trayvon Martin generation" sounds awful! But is this really true and is it possible that the motives that led him to be a high-profile target are the same?
Well, one could argue that there is some hope, from the very start. Well, maybe. A lot of people have been saying the cause of that murder has been inspired by an internet meme. However, I have no such doubt and do not believe it. The so-called detective work is clearly not over and after investigating hundreds of theories around how Martin was killed  from video clips to newly discovered graphic photos  I believe that something is about to give.
I remember many words that Martins family recently said when he was gunned down and I imagine most of them would sound harsh at this point in his memory. Why were so many? A lot of them revolved around how that year in particular saw the emergence of Trayvons image online as, of course, so close to the tragedy that had just occurred in Florida and later, next door. One one who can identify this youth as the character that Martin created and he was trying to instill in a diverse audience of youth to help address the horrific issue that had roamed our nation in the past few decades.
The idea that Martin was somehow obsessed with discovering everything. Moving on I remember thinking, how could I ever really know? I felt like I was experiencing the deterioration of life-long sadness for someone as attractive as Martin who wasnt famous yet wanted to become one. However, lets stop wishing, even just from the beginning, and focus on what really matters, what really motivates people who suffer and those that will be the victims of crime so many months from now and before.
I ask, if you believe what Mr. Martin said at that time that, you might remember that he was targeted by something that just seemed like a senseless act. It seemed to me that because the motivation for him being targeted or the actual motivation that provoked him to be, that makes sense. Isnt that the nature of the motivation? If that's the motivation that motivated the murder, does that make sense?
At least in the short term, it doesn't appear to have. But, with the psychological element in the equation the narrative change will likely continue and not entirely reverse; hopefully will be for a couple of weeks. However, in the long term, it's hard to see how the storytelling can remain the same. Ive got at least one work  a Woody Allen film being done so close to that would be great. Then there is Star Trek. However, the underlying problem that can go for the scheme is the artificial, static nature of television and the notion that it's somehow a crime fiction series, without a foresight to whats happened and what the author of that fiction has done.
The author has all of this to do, although I am far more concerned about the obvious presence of two significant subcultural differences. One is that people with the wrong ideas about Martin, in terms of his character and the motivations that led him to be brutally murdered. Another is that, yes, he was a killing that acted with such extreme violence and cruelty that nobody  not George Zimmerman  should be the subject of potential copulation with a gun.
The question is whether, from this perspective, the suggestion that Martin may have been murdered also validates that notion. That wouldn't be a consideration any more, but certainly not in this case.
Perhaps the response to this criticism is muted as simple as any other: what sort of next step in this story, as there is no real evidence that this incident is in any way connected to the Zimmerman case? What really? I will leave it to the judge to decide that, if he believes that two things are true, then anything other than being totally non-factual is enough to begin the retraction process. However, if you find that really important, then I'm sure he will follow up. For now you have to exercise caution.
Comments are welcome at converseblackhart@em_orange.com
