Researchers at the Alfred Sloan Ramsey Centre and Therapeutic Hygiene Clinic, part of the RUSSIAN Council of Experts, will present the study at the annual meeting of the European Association for Innovative Bioengineering on Saturday
A new study suggests marijuana should be prescribed to help people manage discomfort and pain caused by the drug.
Cannabis contains a lot of unwanted effects and can have very little changes in other areas. Cannabis also contains alcohol, the drug that has been reported as the most addictive for its precise use.
A study published in The Lancet medical journal claimed the combination of THC and bile could give patients pain relief and restore relief.
Researchers at the Alfred Sloan Ramsey Centre and Therapeutic Hygiene Clinic, part of the RUSSIAN Council of Experts, will present the study at the annual meeting of the European Association for Innovative Bioengineering on Saturday.
The study aims to give a pharmacological solution to anxiety and release pain relief.
Miguel Galvanaz, deputy director of the Alfred Sloan Ramsey Centre and one of the authors of the study, said the team hopes the drug's use as a supplement to pain relievers would be a good idea for other conditions.
"We need to protect the body's natural defences against repeated pain events. It's an important demonstration of the potential value of cannabinoids for other conditions like anxiety," he told AFP.
The discovery does come amid a flurry of studies on the use of cannabinoids, a mineral common in plants and that has been linked to psychosis and bad moods.
AFP - Getty 10 Cannabis is considered the world's best medicine for pain and good mood
AFP - Getty 10 Cannabis has been hailed as a medicine of the future, providing relief from night sickness and even painful muscles pain
Friedrich Ulasz says 30 per cent of Parkinson's patients will receive the drug as a treatment to treat Parkinson's.
"It is part of the treatment regimen - an alternative to drugs to treat the condition," said dermatologist and pain expert Ulasz.
But the drug's popularity is booming, with AstraZeneca offering an estimated $3.5 billion from next year to the U.S. to treat people with Parkinson's.
Risk experts say cannabis, especially a cannabis resin, is the potential new drug to replace opioids that are currently being abused by individuals such as heroin, cocaine, cocaine-disease lupus and syphilis.
And some experts also argue it can help with menopausal symptoms, such as the trigger of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Researchers at the Alfred Sloan Ramsey Centre and Therapeutic Hygiene Clinic, part of the RUSSIAN Council of Experts, will present the study at the annual meeting of the European Association for Innovative Bioengineering on Saturday.
