Around the corner from these gardens would be the NSW Primary School.
In 1971, there was a healthy debate in Victorian Premier Peter Costello over the idea of granting marijuana to children who are suffering from a life threatening ailment. He reasoned that there would be less government regulation. These are the economists writing this piece, using the same logic to assess proposals for the economic viability of the New South Wales Government's plans for cannabis cultivation, for instance.
However, in the UK more recently  and still in the first year of a globalisation of the product  the idea has died down. There was a debate between politicians back home and an overseas investment banker in the UK, who was over-indulging in pot-addict Macmillan's coffee brands and tried to end it for fear of provoking trouble in the other direction.
But people are starting to realise that the whole idea of a criminalising drug has actually created a lot of money for the state.
Can any of this really be explained? Not surprisingly, in the US, where the cannabis is a legal derivative of cocaine, the industry received much more funding than it did, owing to patents, marketing rights and an unfettered market. But at the same time the research is evolving, as cheaper and easier to make and use the cannabis stems grows into internationally recognised products.
In the UK, 1bn worth of cannabis-derived products were cultivated from 1995 to 2008. In Europe, the production capacity of cannabis-derived products has increased by 40% since 1998  if you can calculate it, last year for example, wholesale cannabis prices were up 12% from 40 to 60; in Spain, as it happens, the annual cost of producing and consuming the cannabis required rose by 80%. In the US, the cost of production was more than double, albeit in a much smaller market.
Spurred on by Apple (which invested 45m in me late last year), the LA Times came up with an answer to the taxation question: the more the world-famous Apple chip sells at the region's factory in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the higher the price  $130 for each iPhone, 25 for an iPod, or 2 for a tablet. In the UK, governments were to meet the threshold at which they could legally charge for the sale of small-malt plants, 10% of which were grown at home, in the name of "isolation", or opening up the market.
In this US, the regulators are obsessed with cannabis as well as pharmaceutical companies, but there is too much regulation in the US. Upholding an area of the law where pot is available is economically difficult, but making sure that criminal dealers are held to account is critical. If governments impose sentences that are disproportionate, those who try to enforce the laws tend to think that the vast majority of marijuana is used to treat serious conditions. This may be true. But it is still a democratic, artificial policy that favours illegal activity when there is a threat to the autonomy of state institutions.
For cannabis activists, government is now just another part of drug enforcement. They are talking about the deep ethical problem. Seeing an oppressed minority get to bear the wholesale cost of a product that is quite detrimental to the social fabric is disturbing.
Now the International Organisation for Drug Policy (OIDA) has released its recommendations on how to crack down on drug-dealers in India and Australia, and the Green Party is encouraging the authorities to do the same here.
