Government should treat tobacco products and any form of black market with the same benefit to the nation that cigarette smoke produced. The subsidised monopoly that tobacco giant Reynolds American has owned for centuries will inevitably become the monopoly that tobacco companies inherited. If the competition is in too small a category, as they have themselves predicted, then the next step for the country's tobacco industry is to turn itself into a broker.
The fact is that it can only be done, for society and for industry, without the approval of the US Constitution. And all the US politicians are guilty of this for their "ancient constitution" amendment, which has precious little chance of succeeding when the Congress passes a new one every two years.
Even as cigarette consumption in America rose to an all-time high in the mid-1970s, tobacco companies saw a phenomenal surge of data  that black market smoked billions of smokes every year.
It was only in 2006, a frightening year for the cigarette industry, that cigarettes reached a new all-time high  around $12m. So where is the US as a developed country now? Never mind. Although the US tobacco industry had robust expansion in the 20th century, cigarette smoking rates in this country have since advanced to an all-time high. According to the CDC, the US now ranks 99th out of 100 countries on the "Man on the Moon" factor.
Yet the tobacco industry itself is still unregulated. There are over 230 US jurisdictions that are currently in charge of regulating tobacco, putting an entire industry at risk. Why? Because the same regulatory regime that Big Tobacco has been putting in place in the US has been in place for 20 years  and still the industry continues to operate with impunity.
Money-making organisations such as US AMPAA exist under the Constitution but they continue to run criminal networks run up against the laws of a fledgling legal industry. This is very much the American way and the one responsible for the protection of the people from the menace of tobacco companies.
A simple, legal regime ensures the monopoly that tobacco companies are allowed to operate forever. But our smoking industry has failed to fully exploit and unspool this lucrative sector of society.
The tobacco industry can never really ignore its role as the instruments of this country's drug policy, but it can certainly demonstrate it still can and can still start by looking closely at its other trade segments. It can be a major contributor to reducing health inequalities  like cutting abortions.
One of the promising ways to lower smoking in America is to set a regulatory minimum age of 18. Once that's reached, cigarette dealers can no longer sell under the historic federal age of 18, even though it's illegal.
So in short, the criminal networks they operate within tobacco are the sort of profitable development only they could succeed in. It should be celebrated that with this new regime tobacco companies could now generate substantial amounts of revenue, and for the adult consumer, that substantial revenue should be granted. Because if they don't, what?
 This article was amended on 10 December 2009. The original referred to Lisa Aurangzeb as 'Lisa' on the basis of a false impression that she was a member of the New Zealand Lords. In reality she was a member of the All Blacks, not the English Lords.
