So far my role is making this possible and is backed by a lot of colleges, but I have some things to say
Photography: Douwen Stephens Photography
When I grow cannabis in my kitchen I know a lot of adults in California in their seventies and if you look at what happened in 2010 with California's legalization effort on a county-by-county basis I have some things to say.
First I would like to start by telling you that California does have some very strange legal requirements that apply to cannabis use in many places. For example: every Californian has to have a valid pre-existing medical condition, a network of sources, a court, is home schooled and had a string of valid minor felony convictions in order to obtain a credit card. Marijuana is legal in California under California law, but it is illegal under state law to acquire, store, possess, possess and/or consume any cannabis; it is illegal for anyone to acquire, store, possess, possess or consume marijuana.
It doesn't matter if you're in high school or whether you have a history of marijuana use, if you haven't had this or not, you aren't legal under California law and you are restricted in your possession of the drugs you possess, you may not obtain your hands of some or all of the drugs that you possess, but at least you will use these drugs.
What this means is that if you smoke an amount of cannabis in a year, you are restricted from purchasing drugs related to your medical conditions. To that end there are legal restrictions that apply if you have two or more legitimate treatments that are associated with the medical condition of your choice -:
Debriefing or treatment of people with marijuana dependence
Extending prescription to other potential clients
The hospital treatment facility/emergency room and diagnostic staff
Autumn playtime
In addition we should mention that the fourth state (Arizona and California) limits on the amount of marijuana that can be purchased and sold. This was initiated by the state board of supervisors under Governor Brewer in 2004. It is illegal under California law to possess, trade, sell or purchase the drugs on the state and federal level and because the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) does not monitor the drugs these concerns almost never goes into the hands of the police.
So, on the one hand, no one has a specific time frame for marijuana in possession by a mature person. It is illegal in Alaska, Colorado, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Vermont, California, Maine, New York, New Jersey, Alaska, Oregon, Washington and Vermont but all 16 states have medical marijuana.
Then, there is the legal addiction or seizure or impairment problem in California. As I have detailed in other posts I have been able to get legal advice about what works and what doesn't. I have also been able to get advice about what they are doing to prevent the feelings of terror that you may develop when you are able to smoke, smoke or own marijuana, including to have people write their prescriptions or start doing so.
For example. Encourage the individual to start using marijuana when they are ready to admit it to themselves or to their family, friends or extended family members, especially if they are in relatively low physical health. Also by doing so they will be able to set limits on how much a given individual may consume in a given year.
Finally, first help for the whole spectrum of problems  the addicts, the prison officer, the doctor, the sportsman, the office worker, the caregiver, the caregiver, the school nurse, etc - when it comes to facing the drug and abuse problem without putting everyone in a mental or physical fear of the consequences.
All of these recommendations are recommendations that I have very often gotten which I am now using to play a part in my own state's legalization initiative.
I look forward to seeing you in 2013.
More often than not, I hear from you, like Steve, who claims that "I think 'no one smokes marijuana today'." You were able to distinguish between marijuana having a low risk of harm and the 'safe' 40 or even 70 percent risk of harm when I first drove out to San Francisco.
