People will find a way to get a hold of them again or smuggle them in. I think focusing on education, particularly in impoverished areas, would be a good long-term start. After school programs are also a saving grace for keeping kids out of trouble. Giving kids knowledge of the world, things to think about, information about the consequences of making poor life decisions and more. Also, focusing on a welfare system that doesn't promote keeping people down. It's easy to just fall into a vicious cycle of having fatherless kids, getting paid for it and living in awful government housing where many people don't give a damn about their kids. However, the draw to this lifestyle is very strong. It may not be glamorous, but living a lifestyle where you don't *have* to work and can still get paid isn't doing anyone any favors. This just fosters poor living conditions, poor decisions and leads to malicious behavior. I'm not saying I don't think people need help with paying the bills or feeding their families, but the amount of loopholes that allow people to freeload and lead dismal lives because they're basically swayed to is unfathomable. While we're at it, considering going ahead and legalizing marijuana and at least get some of the kids off the streets that are slinging it. Take profit away from the gangs and drug dealers that inhabit these and other areas *while* collecting a hefty tax on it. It would keep so many people out of prison that don't necessarily deserve to be there. Keeping someone in prison is so costly for the nation, as well. This tax money could go towards this welfare and education reform. Maybe not all of it, but at least work to make a dent. I can't speak for mass shootings, but I feel like this would be a long-term investment in a better, less violent future in these areas and lead to reducing gang violence. At the same time, the culture is very strong and often you're seen as weak by your if you make any actual progress in school or anything. All in all, it would be a very long-term solution, and likely requires a lot of tweaking. I still think this would be a decent start. These are just my opinions. Maybe you agree with some points, maybe not. Didn't mean to come off as ignorant, but if I do, oh well.