We all know that we have to have our hands full with the strain of marijuana that the drug has brought on. And for many of us, raising the issue of it  even if it won't cause we to go back to work  is an important consideration that needs to be handled by our police forces too.
We do have to make sure we respect the laws on the books, so that arrests are fair, too, including those in areas with a relatively high number of minor offences. It may sound like we're on the brink of breaking the law, but it's important to listen to the local and national media, who'll tell you how hard it was for us, too.
The issue is not changing or growing. In the age of social media, trending topics or news  and whether you see it on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram, like today's Guardian - it's a growing issue that needs to be resolved by law enforcement and its local authorities. We're grateful for their endless variety of posts and opinions and we wish them luck in everything they ask.
As one of our leaders, Councillor Thrse Ganley, wrote in her 2010/2011 New Scientist report, "The age of social media and what people do with it means no one ever has to question their motives. Anyone with internet access is free to follow the politics and trends that local authorities and councils are interested in, particularly under their watch."
An amendment to Parliament's bill would make it much harder for police to seize cannabis. Under the bill, someone accused of a misdemeanor could be released on bail, or even charged if they prove their innocence:
 Any person arrested for an offence whose possession would not constitute a criminal offence
 Anyone arrested for any other offence could remain on bail until they're acquitted
 Any person involved in planning offences or planning to involve children in an offence could be arrested on bail
 Anyone in possession of a small amount of cannabis who is due to appear in court must show proof that the charges were committed at an earlier date
 Any person suspected of a serious crime in possession of cannabis could be arrested as soon as a reasonable date after his arrest
Numerous politicians and commentators have even spoken out against that bill, insisting that it will essentially regulate the way marijuana is sold in Canada. "There's no bill prohibiting medical marijuana in Canada," said Howard Davies in November. The suggestion that it will actually start to "start to regulate the way cannabis is sold in Canada" is equally tenuous. With dispensaries now commonplace in any province, it is widely accepted that the government won't be allowed to sanction them, but it's not impossible to envision a day when our police are forced to crack down on the business.
