> Then how do you explain the closing of dispensaries? The state is currently reworking the medical marijuana program so that patients can purchase medical marijuana at recreational storefronts, tax-free. The dispensaries that are being closed were not in cooperation with these changes either through improper location or management. The ones that are remaining open will eventually become recreational weed stores, where they will also sell medical cannabis.>The prices shooting up? Pretty much explained by question one. Fewer stores = less competition = higher prices. It will most likely be a transitional effect, prices will fall and stabilize again as the new infrastructure takes shape and more stores open. >People not being able to grow anymore? *In terms of medical cannabis:*Currently, it is very difficult to regulate the supply chain as there are thousands of grow-ops. How will the state be able to guarantee that a patient isn't recieving cannabis chock full of carcinogenic fungicide/growth hormones? As it is, they can't. They're simply consolidating the thousands of small, unregulated grow ops into tens or hundreds of enormous, highly-regulated grow ops. *In terms of recreational Cannabis:*In addition to the need for regulation to prevent poisons from entering storefronts, how will the state be able to tax the plants you grow? Odds are that this will be one of those unenforceable laws, if it's not overturned completely before the end of the process. Around the end of alcohol prohibition, the government simply placed limits on the amount of alcohol you were allowed to brew. A private citizen can brew no more than ~500 gallons of beer a year, and they're not allowed to sell it. >No more concentrates? This is just false. Concentrates are still allowed, but will be more heavily regulated. The actual text states that the proposal will "Allow additional limits for marijuana infused products in solid or liquid form." It does not say that they are banned. At the end of the day, the new laws are being put in place to better regulate the new market, not to destroy it.