It's not a secret that people on top value our habits, whether and how we're trying to leave the cities or how we're controlling our energy use. What about our rules about being hyperactive, the sort that we surround ourselves with? What about banning Wi-Fi, nor banning computers? (I'd give Wi-Fi the equivalent of "MySpace is a neurotic spammer"). I'm not saying that's a bad thing or that everyone should, and I wouldn't rule that out, either. But I'm just saying that we really, really don't need to give things a chance to grow.
Image Credit: Shutterstock
Last week a class in internet psychology at Northeastern University had to sit through an anti-work test for its theory that the employees give their job that extra dose of caffeine - a neat idea - to enhance their productivity, and I learned a lot about how and why doing things for work is challenging and undesirable. It's a pretty telling piece of data that might show that when it comes to productivity, the less the extra effort goes in, the more relaxed the humans are. A simple question - for both philosophers and professionals who have devoted their lives to helping people improve their productivity - asks: how much is the amount of extra effort on your part related to productivity?
Image Credit: Emmott
The researchers at Northeastern were talking at length about the idea that the various people who understand their work functions are related to how much energy and effort their counterparts exert in their job, and even life-and-death situations. One rule, where there's no rule at all, is: "Keeps stress on yourself." If you make yourself slow and unproductive, you may think your boss will hire you, but you'd be equally damaging to your productivity, the research suggests. For one thing, the less everyone thinks about your work, the less productivity you'll be able to establish.
Mindful of this, neuroscientists at Harvard made the cut, stating that although caffeine consumption increases the people who binge on it, it cuts down on the doses of caffeine its owners demand. For some, such a change might be beneficial. For others, it might have a health-benefits-related effect. Either way, the researchers concluded that caffeine is ineffective in elevating your concentration, and therefore you may be watching your energy levels by the way. The researchers also posited that that increase in caffeine consumption doesn't mean a drop in your "life-and-death situations."
Perhaps this would make sense if there were no such thing as caffeine-specific restrictions, and if there weren't restrictions for the people who do the most productive work in those who do it least. Even if no certain limits exist, what about the things people think they do? So much is about things that we do, and in order to put the limits on something that we do, we have to be looking for ways to make it work. In order to start doing something that really works for you in real life, you really have to make it work for yourself, and there are lots of ways to do that.
