The race in South Carolinas 18th congressional district is a toss-up for newly-minted Republican Senator Sam Brownback, according to a Fox News Channel analysis of state-by-state polling on which the race is tied. Fifty-one percent of independent voters said they would support Brownback, though 40 percent would only support him if he secured a majority of 50 percent of the votes, Fox reported. That split could allow another outside-party favorite to win the countys 22-year history of politics: Sen. Kay Hagan. We are running a toss-up in this, said Cains campaign manager, Julian Fantino. The facts change, so far, and we are focused on doing well. A full list of the surveys questions is available below.
How would the economy affect business in the S.C. Congressional district? Twenty-one percent said that it affects business in the Southeast, while 23 percent said it affects manufacturing and the city. And more than two-thirds (66 percent) said that it would also hurt government agencies, the S.C. Office of Economic Opportunity said. Manufacturing and tourism, meanwhile, account for 32 percent and 24 percent, respectively. Manufacturing and tourism have been intertwined over the years, with nearly 60 percent expecting the economy to rise and 50 percent expecting it to remain so.
Governor Row Johnsons lead from last years state election is still widening, 46-38. Only one Democratic candidate scored more than 50 percent in Mays poll, and the gap has narrowed, too. Forty-three percent of independents, up 3 points from last year, said they would vote for Johnson. Twenty-five percent of Republican voters said they would vote for Johnson.
A tight race in South Carolinas 18th Congressional District is starting to emerge, but analysts expect an early runoff soon.
As lieutenant governor, Haley has struggled to pull down the line, particularly as a result of a mass exodus of GOP delegates and assembly members from the partys 5th Congressional District, which provides the GOPs entire 20th state delegate in Washington. A race for New Jersey House Speaker Jon Ashers seat seems to be in trouble now, in part because he may have lost the Democratic primary battle with another GOP candidate, businessman Richard Tallent, in the process. The race for House Minority Leader is rated as extremely competitive by NBC News, with the average score of the national poll suggesting that even Justly or not, the GOP has wide support from Democrats, among whom only 35 percent say they support a strong conservative ideology.
Political analysts say it could become more challenging to figure out a way to close the gap as conservative voters exit the GOP-dominated district.
The 25-year-old Asher lost 50 percent of his vote to former Bayard Rustin and former State House Majority Leader Dick Armey in 2004, while those two switched parties nearly two decades later, showing a lack of support for most Republicans in the 18th District. And Asher has not been able to fully win over voters on Beacon Hill as the GOP holds most conservative seats across South Carolina.
The front-runner for the Republican nomination in the regional Southern race is former House Majority Leader Jim Clyburn, a moderate from Blaine who has largely ignored the states divided political culture. But a slight majority of his districts Republicans say they support him, and 87 percent say they will back his opponent, former Gov. Mark Sanford. Im not surprised when they say high risk after that controversial decision, says one Republican strategist, who wished to remain anonymous. Theyre really interested in saying Timbuktu  things that are all too commonplace in South Carolina.
