We know that Jeff Sessions is finally breaking the Sessions the Righteous, but in the meantime, the Washington Post reveals that one of Sessions former employees, a former Jacksonville Jaguars player, wants a piece of the attorney generals offices decision on the marijuana policy.
Attorneys for Laura Bassett are fighting for the right to include marijuana in a proposed policy that could affect federal drug enforcement. The former football player is collecting money for his alleged crime to get more marijuana. In May, Sessions abruptly rescinded an Obama-era order banning federal aid to states that have legalized the recreational use of marijuana.
Another former attorney is moving to challenge the outcome of the dispute.
Laura Bassett had been pursuing potential employment with an interstate cannabis facility in Jacksonville under the name Lets Move for about eight months. Her attorneys in that case are said to be concerned about how an alleged traffic violation wont harm some legal immigrant currently residing in the United States.
(Not everyone has the same concerns in the courthouse.)
But she has another way out. As president of the National Congress of American Indians, she has asked her own team to defend the violation as a violation of her constitutional rights.
Bassett is expected to meet with Sessions on Monday morning.
Unless Sessions complies with the House of Representatives request for the Utah election results, I will withdraw my support for Rep. Mike Honda of California and guarantee it will not be subject to any possible electoral fraud, Bassett said in a release from her attorneys.
Bassett also took a final shot at his Steve Bannon-like responses to the scandal surrounding his supposed relationship with Trump.
A Bozeman, Montana woman named Lisa Patel asked Sessions on Monday to withdraw her request to represent her in Utah, citing national and state law.
I said, Im not going to use the verb [to persuade Sessions of my place of work] and I want to retain my best interest when I get involved in these federal issues, she told a local reporter on Monday afternoon. But on this issue Im concerned about the consequences that Steve Bannon-type attorneys go through at the federal level, who confront them in a number of capacities.
Patel said that she has already given her name to Sessions lawyers on Friday to let them know what she wants to do to stop Bannon from interfering with law enforcement at the state level, says her release.
Bassett is of Indian descent.
After receiving the Blueberry Regional Literacy Award last month from the Minnesota School of Public Affairs, she was among the first to put her name to Sessions.
She tells Northwest Media that shes pleased she has a chance to voice her opinion in a televised debate with an Indigenous lawmaker from California.
