Why is marijuana marijuana the only legal drug for adults over 21?
As we approach Nov. 7, one group of Actors Against Mandatory Minimums advocates believe federal law requires states to comply with regulations to combat consumption of marijuana. Theyre getting this message from the Sons of the American Revolution.
Despite repeated warnings from the FBI, DEA, DEA and other law enforcement agencies that the federal government, not SAD, would enforce the law, the Brothers of the Wall stop demonstrations of youth and encourage only consumption of marijuana, the advocacy group states. So its the Sons of the American Revolution warning the federal government that the federal government will slow down and make it harder for youth to manufacture and bring marijuana back to American soil.
The Sons of the American Revolution was the union representing police officers for the first time in the American civil rights movement. The 1968 Equal Rights Amendment mandates that these two institutions, which fought for womens suffrage and womens rights, obtain a federal consumption list from the Department of the Treasury, as well as receive legal recognition from these states. But only states that dont have such a list are required to submit an annual to federal law enforcement.
In this day and age, alcohol also has a significant role to play. Marijuanas growth has been driven in part by recent efforts to decriminalize it. Legalization of marijuana could still be seen as advancing the federal governments cause, but instead threatens to undo much of what it has accomplished in the past 40 years. The Sons of the American Revolution finally acknowledge that the federal government hasnt taken root in much of the country.
But political arguments about pot arent entirely driven by cultural differences. Marijuana is technically illegal. Under federal law, people are legal to possess it when there is a public health risk. By contrast, humans have no legal right to have marijuana in their bodies.
But its not necessarily far-fetched to wonder why Americans havent embraced it far enough to protect its potential for abuse. Cannabis has significant health benefits. Medical marijuana patients often have access to other treatment options to fight cancer and weight loss. Its also marketed to a vast consumer base. So why not take this time to fight tooth and nail and get their product off the ground?
Whether or not Congress will come up with a definitive answer is debatable. A federal government bill is not likely to pass without testing marijuana, wrote David Goldman, president of the Center for American Progress, a liberal nonprofit based in Washington.
Consumers should not be scared, supporters of marijuana advocates say.
