An American couple once shared a story about a doctor who suggested that they plant marijuana while going on a hunger strike in order to save a womans life. Another same couple recalled a medical marijuana friend who took advantage of the law to commit suicide and sent him to prison. By comparison, it can take years for the family to walk out on them.
Older women who have difficulty gaining access to a form of medication that can provide the best support in helping them in the struggle to fight their deaths are often reluctant to exercise it, so they turn to hallucinogens or other medication for relief.
Typically the opioids are the most popular right now, according to Dr. Lisa Thompson, who is chief of obstetrics and gynecology at Georgetown Universitys Perelman School of Medicine. But people typically do not need opioids for treatments for opioid addiction.
Dr. Glenn McKay, a professor of surgery at the Georgetown School of Medicine, explains that end-of-life health and addiction issues may be caused by feelings of helplessness and isolation, problems with pregnancy or cancer, or depression. Often people struggle at first with figuring out how to take care of themselves, McKay says. Its hard for them to even think about what to do.
Medication helps, too, she says.
Heroin is a super drug, says Dr. Eugene Boyd of the American Psychiatric Association. In a study published in the journal Pain, the committee divided up marijuana and opioids into eight groups: 6 people who took cannabis while sitting in the car, 8 people who took opioid-induced morphine and 13 people who took prescription pills.
More than 100,000 Americans have died of opioid-related injuries in the past five years, according to the National Association of the Surgeon General, and more than 6.5 million over the last decade have been patients of opioid abuse, using prescription drugs as a means of getting a substance theyre addicted to. Those over the age of 45 are also a particularly vulnerable group, and even have limited access to cancer treatment.
While marijuana is cheap and effective for those who need it, heroin and prescription painkillers also tend to treat conditions such as post-traumatic stress and psychosis. Studies also show an emotional attachment among those using opioids to stay home from work and at home with sick kids.
The end of an addiction and the start of an addiction make the dysfunctional nature of these communities worse, says James Salile of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in Los Angeles. He points to the example of his mother, who developed a chronic illness. A lot of people find the effects of addiction to be overwhelming, Salile says. But other factors like stress and fear often eat into the ability to stay in your parents home and manage that dysfunction, thats the bottom line.
Making cannabis accessible doesnt have to be politically divisive. An overwhelming amount of Americans are openly fighting legalization of the drug, and it can be just as culturally conservative. But thats not happening now. Massachusetts civil service law has passed provisions allowing employee grievances to trump marijuana prohibition, a federal law that hasnt brought any opposition from anyone. This means that workers who are on the verge of a lawsuit against a city might soon have their civil rights suppressed.
Its clear that marijuana is already a socially acceptable remedy in many settings. In recent years, that trend may continue. A 2016 Pew Research poll found that 90 percent of Americans still favor marijuana for medical purposes. And its clear that without legalization the conditions that can easily be induced by the drug arent fair to the patient.
