On 26 August 2012, a number of Conservative politicians voted for the repeal of the Controlled Substances Act [CSA]. Eventually, however, the law died.
The repeal of the act came into force on 5 July 2012.
I've come to believe that the reason people want to legalize marijuana is that they say, as Mark Twain did in his defense of the 1960s intellectual Alan Turing who discovered The Borrowers'.
Men almost always suffer from paranoid delusions. They believe that they can pick the best time to set up and kill a target. Someone who believes they can produce loads of fireballs is pretty much an idiot.
But they don't want anyone to mess with a law which might enable them to be prosperous and happy without a risk of being put in prison or worse. What they want is control over drugs.
They like to think that they're "right" when they want to be on this side of the grave. They want freedom from their authority. They prefer the status quo of conformity.
They feel that marijuana will eventually serve as an "anti-smoking" drug because it will help curb the root causes of crime and cancer. Just because we don't think that we have all the facts, it doesn't mean we're wrong.
But there are arguments that have been made that we should not support legalization. First and foremost, it's hard to take a principled position on marijuana because the very law that we voted for is invalid.
Second, it's easy to blame us for the problem when we are trying to navigate a constitutional system that rules out the very slippery slope to the legalization of marijuana. A steady flow of violent crime, little national movement against drugs, small government and an explosion of violence through the Internet have all combined to lead to a global tragedy, all in the same cycle.
Third, and perhaps more frightening, I can understand some people imagining that they would just like their government to be healthy, safe and happy and spend their time reflecting on law enforcement's work. But that hasn't happened. More than anything else, it's the same way that old folk try to make a political point of saying they have to be a little more careful than they want to be.
The system needs to work together and up or down the road, particularly with respect to control, control over money and control over us, so we can live together as one and not need to panic whenever an industry gets too crowded.
Here's another take on marijuana: if you think it's going to become legal, you aren't only wrong. Yes, on 2 July 2012, Conservative politicians voted for the repeal of the Controlled Substances Act. Now it's time for you to support your position.
But if you're there for the long haul, then you should be there for the risk. The solution is a more gradual approach. Make sure you have some guidance about what you want to do, and how you will apply it in the context of a criminal, criminalised society. Give some thought to any and all questions you may have.
It's a futile exercise. It's probably worse, in my opinion, because you are watching a defenceless state being secured by whatever calibre of police state you seem to perceive is in power and though someone may be at your side, the state is closing the door on you as much as a law enforcement officer will be closing the door on you.
Personally, I think most conservatives believe that our society is led by war and on drugs in general. I just don't know if I agree with that. You all have your goals. In fact, I don't even think we can begin to accomplish them without your support. We need to let the discussion speak for itself.
Who can you support to decide on your stance on marijuana or the CSA? For me, absolutely none.
 John Walton
