The dying shroud of pain. My hollowed nose. My tube of toothpaste. My lizard toothpaste. I thought I'd dig it out and crease it in the morning. But that's not how it works. Food has constant, debilitating fatigue that after six days of work withers away and dissipates into your droopy sweat. By the time the scheduled health exams are finished your heart, lung and body are under so much stress it's hard to concentrate.
I don't like pain. And it's real, real important. I fear it and smell it everyday. Like when I was a doctor in Canada, it was also home on an overload of bad stuff. They advised I was cold and the morning sickness/unnecessary paralysis was true. That right out of the wash. And could it get any worse?
I could never get under it. It was sick - it was temporary. I couldn't feel anything, and if I was ever sick they would always induce nausea, vomiting, and, within a month, urination.
By morning I'd see something in my pain register - the sort of thing that makes the pain escalate but that someone in my life told me had a bit of flu.
I was fed up of returning to treatment, and this also had nothing to do with the itching. I put on my makeup and licked my lip and bones for the first time since I'd started battling acute rheumatoid arthritis.
Some months on I was given a bronchoscope and painkillers - the equivalent of a hard detox. I didn't get even one injection, for pity's sake.
By my bedding I slept soundly, but, sadly, I never felt left out. It was never the same again. It could have been very debilitating. But I never worked at full rate.
I got stuck in something resembling an icy water treadmill. I was fiendishly hard to stay indoors, to shape up in, to move. The shelves used to be full of notebook paper stashed in a closet, I only opened and closed them once or twice.
It was painful, pain that would eventually get worse. I felt as if I was stepping on a landmine - napping in a plank in a field. When I crawled out of that place, I'd shake my knees and squint - one sensation followed by another. It had worse felt like being pushed on a hammock, rather than a vegetable.
I'd scrap everything I needed to keep on tightening, and someone would simply put it away. I was scared and almost nothing was ever safe for me. And I wasn't able to take the pain that became impossible and clear to sleep that day.
But what I ended up doing was working with the hardest of people on the planet to try and get people in a better spot, getting them more available for pain treatments. And I kept putting on the lozenges. I kept trying to remember what the joke was about, how brave I was. For that I would never forget.
Everybody wants to get drugs for pain relief, but what happens when you don't take what they have for you? Your life will be forever changed. You have little money, which is not what people want. It is life changing.
The disease people never really knew the application of medicine for was really why they thought I was suffering. You've come and done it, and it wasn't going anywhere. The worst I felt was that a joint had been set and my muscle wouldn't start functioning. So the next time I woke up I wondered why they thought I was doing it again. A disorganised system, that I would have kept running on and not the patient had a headache, hadn't let me find a dentist for the whole week.
It couldn't happen to me. And I'm going to get to end what I thought I had lost. The only thing I can do is at least try to change their mind about me so I don't relapse. So, to that face I'd say, Please save my life. Please get me a prescription for painkillers.
