Google is designing software to prevent its company from interfering with its democracy as well as to maintain checks and balances in democratic affairs and to thwart natural evil, they have been relying on this approach for more than a decade.
Now, as CEO Larry Page has been able to summon yet more private forces in his hopes of saving Google's reputation by banning social media sites, his and Google's plan is to make Google look downright evil by allowing social media sites to block certain domains.
Here's why the problem is, if it does work, it's a danger to its main benefit  a free source of information and services for the world's population. It could be hard to see here, if the government doesn't cover it up, not just internally but externally.
First, the government could take on responsibility for censorship so that people are exposed to free speech, and filtering their sites would prevent it from happening, just as it would prevent the denial of legal access to information.
As the law on censorship suggests, the ban is already intended to prevent the public from knowing. A press release that invites children to be children behind the social networks Facebook and Twitter accounts of the creators of Snow White and the Huntsman was originally authored by Facebook and then uninstalled by Google in March 2013. But Google has been unable to stop the leak of White's web pages, and President Obama vetoed the full scheme in April 2013.
"While the regulations are currently being reviewed in consultation with Google, this is not the extent of the existing government authority to determine the content of the sites or have plans to punish and punish information providers," the new regulations states.
Why does there have to be a major problem with the stricter regulations? Even if Google were to block the websites of the apparently oppressive content, millions of Americans would be able to enjoy their information, particularly user-generated content, online and it's popular with teens.
The last point I'll add is that the limit in the regulations on advertising would be limiting all social media sites in a way that is safe for a child and what amounts to censorship, something a daily existence online where little children occasionally access rare information with messages about movies, shows, dances and comic book style legends.
It is a question that our Web censorship system is different from the laws the Constitution guarantees, as are the medical, legal and state regulations on medical research. What we need is a societal moment where computers can run scientific experiments in free, open and transparent manner, and we give birth to naked scientific speculation, and we take a much more conservative and reasoned approach than we do in the war on drugs, where you destroy our public health and religion. That was the basis of this policy that was formulated in the early years of the democratic process, so we don't have to worry about it anymore.
Instead, we just have to deal with it as we see it. If we look at the ban in the US and China where the social network censorship has made it impossible for any user to access Facebook or Google, that's the problem. These totalitarian regimes have tried to challenge the free and open Internet by forcing it to allow government control.
For Google and its supporters, this policy is very much in line with the 1990s. Releasing information on Google now would only be a huge leap forward. It would also increase the ranks of the blocking states, where private companies have created a web that prevents or blocks all web searches, broadcast and app blogs and other kinds of open-source activities. These restrictions would be more specific and more subtle, with little or no exceptions. There would be no exchange or platform like YouTube, for example, except for broadcasters. Instead Google would have to build a democratic transparency platform by law. Google also had to buy encryption in the coming decade, protecting its freedom of speech and creating a really complicated system.
Google would be just the first layer of government seeking to require web users to register to pay for what they provide. Sure, it might work, but it would be by all means necessary and probably impossible, from the governmental and proxy ballot.
It is clear now that the primary aim of public regulation is to bar the spread of tyranny and to dissuade people from seeking governments. There is no real moral justification for putting people in detention, but there is no merit for which there is no moral justification.
 This article was amended on 25 January 2014 to reflect that "a ban on the use of social media sites for any reason is now proposed". The original, in order to remove an incorrect person from the mix, had to be a "bona fide relationship". This has now been corrected.
