And by "legalization" you mean "allow the government to irrationally and without reason extremely expand its boundaries to regulating and strictly controlling a completely harmless substance they had no right to forbid you from using in the first place" apparently. The government has no right to tax marijuana any more than pudding. The government has no right to regulate marijuana any more than pudding. The government has no right to put age limits on marijuana than it does to put age limits on pudding. For fucks sake people, don't be so overly desperate to be treated like an actual human being that you are willing to give them a mountain of power and control just so you can have a modicum of respect! You have the right to control your own body. The government has absolutely no justifiable right to control what you put in your body so long as you are not violating the rights of another person. They have no right to say you can't partake of something because it will make you loopy, or because it will make you happy or sad or kill you or make you into superman or anything else. If you want to grow marijuana, you should have every right. There is NO JUSTIFICATION for the government to regulate it. If you want to smoke marijuana, and allow your children to smoke marijuana, there is NO JUSTIFICATION for the government to stop you. If you want to buy marijuana from your neighbors, there is NO JUSTIFICATION for the government to regulate it and require that they register as a grower and pay taxes. This is sheer BULLSHIT. I know you think it'll be easier to sell to the slimy pigs in Washington if you let them steal some more money from the poor and middle class to prop up the superclass, but it's just as immoral as throwing the poor and middle class into jail over marijuana. There is sane, just policy. And it consists of doing nothing more than descheduling marijuana. Period. The DEA could do it tomorrow. Declare marijuana as an unscheduled substance, no longer classified as a drug. Period. Over. Done. That's all that needs to be done.