By Eurasia Review
Its been about nine years since a state-imposed marijuana tax cut forced a nationwide exodus of consumers to dispensaries and posted significant declines in sales over that period of time. Most people really need to go to a pharmacy to obtain a prescription form, and many people do not even realize that dispensaries have commercial marijuana stores yet.
The effect: It has just begun to impact one less state, and this one is vastly more important than it was before.
The decriminalization of medical marijuana
In July 2015, the House of Representatives passed a version of the North Carolina National Criminal Justice Reform Act (CARROK) which led to the gradual decentralization of key authorities in the states.
The bill, which created a full-time court system that is legally divided up between the five states that the federal government considers to be the States, created a three-member, bipartisan committee that advised the state on safety issues.
The Public Health Committee (PHC) debated the proposal and a final version emerged on Nov. 8, 2015, with bipartisan support, later recasting it as the Honest Services Task Force and then taking the final legislative pass.
Each state has its own system of regulation, with the state receiving a portion of the revenues that are generated by the sale of marijuana.
This is why a new CTG Cannabis Research Working Group was established to re-imagine the medical marijuana system, and recommend further national legislation that addresses the safety and quality of access to an alternative way of buying and growing cannabis.
The group now has 122 members and is comprised of 12 Democrats and two Republicans who are members of the HHS Advisory Committee and its Institute of Medicine Advisory Board. The California medical marijuana dispensaries will be disbanded or closed before the required permits are issued.
The third change, on top of allowing some medical marijuana purchases at only certain locations, now holds states other than the five states that CARROK approved. The group wants to expand the legitimacy of Colorados medical marijuana program to many of the jurisdictions currently eligible, including Utah, Arizona, Hawaii, Nevada, California, Oregon, Rhode Island, Washington and Alaska.
We dont believe that allowing licenses of dispensaries to come in up north will be possible, or that continuing to have the same administrators in each of the states on every corner will be meaningful or that would remove the oversight now that certain doctors may be required to sell the cannabis, the group says.
In a classic matchup of snare-shooting and permission-taking, the devil could be on the other side: local legal action or the federal prosecution.
Meanwhile, the campaign is gearing up for a monster state vote on Tuesday, which could deliver a series of pot-related reforms and make passing the state version of the CARROK a huge step forward for patients.
