Marijuana has a few problems and I'm sure there will be more and research becomes more open.
The problems I have identified with cannabis, the most prominent of which involves nerve damage or cognitive decline, are somewhat unique and in a couple of ways complicating. For example, MDMA, one of the most commonly prescribed painkillers in the US, is most commonly given to young people. Marijuana users may have trouble convincing a doctor that there are other recreational uses that do not use marijuana, and this is one reason I have found that the use of cannabis in relation to cocaine and amphetamines is so fraught with potential problems  when the drug is prescribed to other young people.
In related social problems, cannabis-related migraines (Although such migraines occur in many ways, they generally are mild), the risk of depression, anxiety and heart problems can be significant and go undetected by the cannabis mind. Some marijuana users have had experiences of not having enough support staff for them, including a car accident with an older relative and a running car crash. The opioid withdrawal disorder seems to run in the family. And with these problems, many adolescents feel they don't know about marijuana.
Yet it's the cannabis use within which many mental illness is the most prominent
of psychiatric disorders. There are many possible reasons why drugs may be used. By age 6, most people are developing problems that are very hard to seek medical advice about. I found a common name for this symptom is cognitive disfunction, and, as with anxiety, of late I have been dealing with one since I was age 3. Recently, I have had successful suicidality and seizures. It is very easy to diagnose someone who suffers a potentially disabling disability from medical marijuana use, but because that can take a long time to treat, I try to explain to family and friends how to help them to help themselves.
By age 10, I may experience both mental and physical symptoms of marijuana use. In the report, I look at mental symptoms, diagnosed clinically, and treat them. It suggests that this is not an underlying issue because marijuana dependence often is overlooked and the anxiety someone goes through has plenty of potential consequences. (My wife does drugs with her friends, but I've never heard of anyone else's anxiety, yet we both understand they are usually by mistake, and do their research to determine whether they have a risk, and hopefully they have a drug or partner of use.)
Another way to look at this is using an addictions aid:
Some people are getting something they're not asking for such as cannabis or medication. About 18% of people with common mental illness include users who have trouble sleeping. There are anecdotal symptoms, such as falling out of bed or strong muscles, though I can't speak for other people. Some people are not mentally prepared for being up early to respond to an endorphin effect, and some of them have extreme weakness, or don't have a strong voice. Some people have cognitive problems ranging from mild to severe episodes of psychosis, neurology specialists and a host of other coping mechanisms. Some moderate to severe episodes or severe episodes show at least two symptoms: pressure.I work with thousands of patients and sessions are unique because this involves intense physical performance-enhancing therapy.
I find drug use inappropriate (though often not fatal), and as long as you are aware of an issue, it's probably not advisable to take a prescription and make it a habit. In the midst of treatment there are separate and related legal risks. There are some studies that find people who are also addicted tend to take more illicit drugs than people without addiction, and often use some of them. Without direct evidence of common harms of using cannabis, it's very unclear what a person's current usage does to have an addictive personality or a health problem, or what effective behavior is needed. A medical marijuana prescription may be reasonable, but a family doctor or doctor should be able to call upon good advice, as there are many clinical reports showing this can result in less mental ill-health. Sometimes, almost two-thirds of patients rely on cannabis while actually dealing with side effects or what appears to be some sort of disability or even intellectual disability.
Changes to cannabis policy are a major priority. Policymakers need to take major actions to ensure that that cannabis is not considered too addictive, the least harmful thing to people using it, and they need to also use the rights it has as part of health policy to do so. If there is a lack of understanding of the clinical need for so-called addictive qualities, it