Excellently written, and my thoughts exactly. And the drug war is a continually losing battle on the part of the government. I'm all for the prevention of heroin and hard drug use on a whole, but marijuana should not fall into that category. In fact, the drug war is driving more people towards hard drugs than marijuana ever has. I'm a young guy, and I know a lot of people who abuse prescription and house hold drugs because marijuana can be difficult to get your hands on when the town is dry, which is often around here. The drug war is actually escalating hard drug use as well and empowering cartels, as I'm sure you all know. Yesterday, there was a /r/Marijuana post from a micro-economics book on this topic. If you understand elasticity in economics, you'd agree that drug use is an inelastic product (simply put, it's "recession proof.") Therefore, by making it more difficult to obtain drugs, you are effectively raising the price and creating MORE revenue for dealers, who are then more likely to expand their businesses. This is true of both hard drugs and marijuana, but is only truly dangerous in the case of hard drugs as they get more dangerous as they get more expensive. A full-blown legalization of Marijuana in California IS a major turning point. If it were to happen there, the federal government has to make a move. Perhaps a review of the constitutionality by the Supreme Court or even an executive order. Although, on the topic of executive order, I think it's best that our President completely ignore the issue for the time being. Addressing it can only hurt his popularity at this point, and he needn't be concerned with it while the country is already facing the issue of large-scale health care reform. Considering that the executive office is the "enforcer" among the branches of government, it will have to be addressed by Obama if legalization happened in California. However, he would probably have to side with the federal laws concerning it, so it'd be best if he ignored it altogether and let the judicial branch hash out the legality once again before taking action.