WASHINGTON, Dec 12 (Reuters) - Some of these problems were chronic enough to threaten the right to be a free black man and black woman - we could not improve on them, and so the idea of tracking down smokers who use marijuana might be acceptable.
Two years after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' inauguration, which drew ridicule for removing civil rights attorney Merrick Garland from the Justice Department's appeals process, it might be time to revise some of our attitudes, which are toxic.
Sessions himself was a typical conservative. Many of us had forgiven him for betraying our faith in the White House and our safety through his self-doubt, temperament and rhetoric.
The moment he began his tenure, in 1994, was terrifying - his predecessor Michael Chertoff led the charge to obliterate President Bill Clinton's gang of "gang bosses" after he voted against extending the federal legal medical marijuana program.
He didn't take great comfort in a prediction that the feds were going to let crime fighters succeed in the "second amendment" by closing down streets where people sold drugs and the drugs were popular with the other citizens.
Another instance of Americans abandoning the race and class difference was the 1964 civil rights march in Chicago. It lasted for 45 minutes, won three prizes, and ran as the second of "two major mass movements' major slogans."
In his speech, Sessions said: "We are not driving a big truck or going to the Hill or the Bank of England. We are conducting ourselves with the same freedom that we have been in our great race. We are open to innovation and another blow will blow us all the way to the moon."
Progressive far-right websites say he was right and they haven't had to explain to this day how they undermine the human race. He can be difficult to explain, but the question is how to adequately sound "progressive." And how to explain to white people that they have to believe for a fact that racism has been here since slavery?
Sessions did so with fervor. He committed the "greatest crime" of all American laws and affected a whole generation of young Americans, many of them black and gay. He even presented how he had filled the record - Justice Department data show that 16 percent of Chicago's black residents are black. He claimed racism has all but gone away - a very improbable claim.
Worse still, Sessions was not the first person to murder black people on the streets because they had white blood on their hands. He did it on his watch, to defeat a Republican president's ambition of deporting too many criminals, but he was good. And he was also strong enough to shoot at the militia members who try to disarm white men who do not give blacks a right to life.
Sessions called himself a "hero" for persecuting blacks and one who, despite the struggles of a generation of racists, was at one time a beacon of hope for all Americans. But it seems those black heroes want no part of our history.
The people of America still believe it was a privilege for people of color to be first class citizens. Those who are not are not. The reason we can't manage it is because a few bad apples can destroy all of our progress.