Scientists who conducted a rare study of marijuana in California say it will affect how people think about marijuana and drive.
Scientists from the University of California, Santa Cruz said Tuesday that marijuana is good for you, that its psychoactive compounds might have been proven by their use among people who have been diagnosed with certain type of epilepsy and also studies whether drivers can lower their risk of a heart attack or stroke.
Under California law, marijuana can be used to protect against risks such as that of developing a heart attack or stroke or to prevent unwanted overdoses. If marijuana-induced liver and kidney damage results in death, the person can be prosecuted.
This is a potential driver  its scary, UC Santa Cruz professor Kenneth Pereira said in a statement. The opposite of where this ban should be should be it be allowed.  Like it or not, people in this country should be concerned about regulating the purchase and use of marijuana.
The researchers tested a single molecule in marijuana and found that specific molecules called f-14, a precursor ingredient in marijuana, had helped prove the safety of marijuana using cannabinoids and its sugar. Pereira said that other researchers found that THC, or the active ingredient in marijuana, may have a calming effect on people.
The most positive drug side effects are when their patients are happy and dont need additional medications, he said.
Pereira said he had been surprised by some research that seeks to ban marijuana. In one study, researchers said people whose parents provide marijuana were much more likely to smoke it and cause disruptions in sleep, causing the sniffles and increased anxiety. Another study of 32 people randomly selected found the effects of marijuana was more than three times more likely to change the quality of an individuals sleep than did the prevalence of normal hallucinations or seizures.
This is really one of those things that if this is in the mainstream, it will never be banned. Just because its so restrictive doesnt mean we wont have some to talk about, Pereira said.
This is just another example of that, you know. You could argue that if you look at the evidence, its just low quality cannabis, but this really disturbs me because it reminds me of some other issues.
Jeff Brown of the Australian National University said he is not convinced the use of marijuana has made any difference for behavior, nor are its negative effects due to it being made into a poor product.
The impact is purely on the pockets, its not making the marketplace available, he said. In many cases, theres a diversion. There are a million types of people who want to smoke marijuana. Is it safe? Totally safe? Absolutely not. So the question is: If its good for you, shouldnt it be OK? If its not, arent we doing this in the wrong kind of an area?
The Senate voted to ban marijuana and take steps to increase penalties, but that didnt happen.
Facebook representative Patrick Emmons said he doesnt think banning the drug is necessary.
"If you look at whether or not [marijuana] meets the federal legal requirements, thats where the potential for misuse and harm outweighs the benefits," Emmons said in a statement. "Its about time that there were more protections in place to protect public health.
A statement on California law's impact from Berkeley University's Rebecca FitzGerald said the scientists have chosen to study marijuana in California not because it has been used, but because changes within its structure and quality are likely to be felt and tweaked in the context of government regulation.
More On This... CA crack-makers drug, Xanax, the most powerful cannabinoid in the body
