Two Arizona lawmakers who are leading an effort to legalize marijuana are at odds over the issue, and the death of a two-year-old boy in New Mexico.
Two legislators  Cathy Procopio and Bruce Logan  of the House Judiciary Committee wrote to Attorney General Ken Paxton asking him to remove an ordinance in New Mexico that requires all Arizona residents to smoke pot in public. As they say, California and Maine have already passed marijuana laws, and officials say the decision to legalize marijuana affects California and Maine.
"I have decided to write to Attorney General Paxton to revoke its provisions to create the right of all Arizona residents to the sale of marijuana in public," said an outraged Rep. Diane Vetter, R-Chincoteague. "This is an affront to the laws of this state and to the Constitution. In our country, we don't support persons having private cells not known to be unprivileged."
Paxton defended the measure, saying he believes it's appropriate for the U.S. government to give people "the ability to grow their own marijuana in private laboratories, on public property."
Rep. Procopio said she was speaking out because her opinion represents the view of many in Arizona who long support the legalization of marijuana. "In those relationships we are focused on public health, not on public safety," she said.
When asked whether she would support legislation to legalize pot, Procopio told XXX that the movement is working with the Washington state attorney general to move to ban marijuana sales to minors.
"I believe it's inappropriate for us to fight for anything that does not exist," said Rep. Procopio. "In my opinion, we shouldn't have to fight for this because of where we stand," said Rep. Procopio.
Petersen, also of the House Judiciary Committee, is hoping to help develop what he said will be a legal pot shop. When asked whether he would file a bill with the Republican-controlled Senate to create a legal pot shop, Petersen said he has already heard about the spirit of Congress to "thwart the wheel."
"I do think it's something that we should be trying to deal with," said Petersen. "But I also know what I'll be bringing to the Senate floor as well as the House."
His partner in California is Patrick DeMarco, who heads the Marijuana Legalization Group. When asked about the issue, DeMarco said he doesn't know, and is not thrilled by any lawmaker's involvement with the issue.
"I think [Schneiderman] is the better person to stand up for what we believe in, and everybody I've talked to is happy that he does," DeMarco said.
The Death of a Two-Year-Old
A two-year-old boy was found dead on Tuesday in New Mexico.
Two days after his parents agreed to give him marijuana possession, his head was discovered in some items inside his yard. He is now reported to be in critical condition.
What Is a Dispensary at the Festival of Faith or Canopy?
Medical Marijuana?
Healthy Utah versus Cannabis or Public Mandate?
Earlier This Week: Marijuana Use
Arizona Attorney General Jeff Flake Says Governor Will Try to Allow Sedition Case
Dancing With Obama and Chris Christie at Sunshine State Summit
Holly Harms Pot in Arizona
Lobbying for Marijuana Rights?
