I think one of the issues we face when saying 'x reprehensible crime should result in people being locked away forever' is a problem of equivalency. Do you also believe that murder should result in life without parole? If not, are we as a society then saying that murder is less bad than molesting children? Insert other heinous crime and work your way through. Although it's unlikely that people who carry out such acts think them through logically, there's also an issue of deterrence of even worse crimes. If you're already potentially getting life without parole for molesting the child, why not just kill them as well? While there might be theoretical pros and cons for doing so for a criminal in that situation, you remove a potential deterrent for committing the additional crime. Another point is that the justice system is, in addition to its punitive nature, intended to function as a rehabilitation and treatment centre. If we discover that pedophilia is in some circumstances a treatable illness, what then do we say to these people? Sorry, we can fix you, but you can never come out? Or do we make allowance for the notion that they could be rehabilitated? Such a thing would not necessitate instant release - that would defeat the purpose of the punitive sentence, but could theoretically be incorporated into future parole bids. Obviously we're not there yet, but it is certainly a possible occurrence in the future. Finally I think you also have a problem with mandating sentences, or a specific sentence, for a crime. Each crime is different, in the circumstances of the accused, the impact on the victim and their family and the impact on society. Legislated mandatory sentences remove any leniency for any circumstances. To take a particularly unjust analogy; a three strikes drug law could see a person using marijuana for chronic pain jailed to the same degree as your local mid level dealer. Obviously it's not really analogous to your position, but these kind of things do happen where strict mandatory sentencing guidelines exist irrespective of circumstances.