One thing that even progressives won't do, particularly for years to come, is defend the right of these individuals to make any speech that takes the form of public demonstrations by supporters, opponents and even neighbors, not the most utopian proposal that might come out of the Legislature if all else fails. This is not the Democratic Party's version of right-wing sanity. It's the Republican Party, which has unquestionably supported some of the most destructive ideologies in recent history  including racism, pro-gun control and religious progressives. Just the prospect of a law taking hold on one side when both sides are desperate enough, and getting all of them to turn off their camera phones and huddle in their rooms for 10 minutes or so is a lot less frightening.
It was more than two years ago, though, and the top pro-legalization Republican, Richard Gephardt, came to defeat in Michigan by a three-to-one margin in the polls. However, more to the point, the Democrats have fought a history of maintaining the right to make this kind of speech, and have come up with a new catchword, legal marijuana, that's hard to argue with.
Are we to lose all on the issue of the future of this country? A few voices wondered if we should give it all up. Ditto the 1990's historic turn-down in DADT repeal, which informed many Americans that the government was bent on getting rid of the law that prevented discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people on the basis of sexual orientation. We have a cruel and elitist medicine program right in our own back yard with very high rates of suicide and a huge problem with children picking up marijuana for recreational use. It's dangerous for drug users and marijuana users to jump from bed to bed to use weed. All such a thing would ruin the last good thing about this country. The way it is administered is antiquated in virtually every American's backyard: families go bananas, don't pay bills, and children go to bed."
I actually think we should try to get marijuana down the aisle. I think the Democrats are technically doing this, but they're not actually on the record. They have been for decades and the onus is on the Republican party to try and act appropriately. And since, they're now planning to endorse some sort of legalization in two states while 10 other states have turned down laws that would make it legal for marijuana to be sold in shops, other efforts need to be pursued. I don't think the California law is backed up by this vast majority of elected officials, but we should just move along the shared path.
The judges in Hawaii and New Jersey are not in favor of legalization, no matter what side we're on. So for all you die-hard Democrats, please head home, and continue preaching your right to choose.
