Police tactics 101: * Using threats and intimidation, obtain information on who has a dime bag. * Make sure the evil drugsmoker has children and small, harmless dogs. Actual drug dealers will not do, they may have guns, and we can't risk that. * Assemble a SWAT team in full riot gear. Bring large automatic guns, tear gas, tasers, lasers, attack dogs, a helicopter. * Before the raid, get each other pumped up in a "safety" meeting, make sure all involved know that that maximum violence is mandatory. * Arrive at house quickly. Without knocking, or announcing presence in any way, kick down door, and rush in, guns blazing. * Yell "It's coming right for me!!" and immediately shoot chihuahua. Then Jack Russel terrier. Each gunner is required to put three full clips into each animal. Clips will be checked after raid, and any officer with too many bullets remaining will be reprimanded. * I must stress again that the *dogs must die.* This is the most important element in any raid. There once was a raid in which one of the small dogs lived, and the officers involved were never the same. Their wives left them for black men, because they could no longer sustain erections. Don't let this happen to you. * Rip screaming children from mother, throwing mother to the ground and cuffing her while they watch. * Remember to take the time to talk down and deride the criminals. It is your duty as an officer of the law to punish them as much as you can. * If no pot is found, just plant some from your personal stash. * Make sure to make lots of noise and use sirens and flashing lights throughout the raid, so that all the neighbors see what's happening. * Once the raid is finished, return to the precinct, where we all strip down and have sex with each other, rolling around in the sweet testosterone. * Release a statement to the press, saying any accusations of wrongdoing are totally false, and that we will conduct an internal investigation. The investigation, of course, will determine that all officers involved acted within the law, and should be awarded for their heroism and bravery.