Ok, I'm sorry, but the OP is part of the problem that he condemns. Just a casual browse through his comments shows that he buys into several typical reddit hivemind positions:Anti-religion:>Wow, isn't this the same place where they indoctrinate you to pledge allegiance "under God"? Pro-marijuana>I don't smoke weed and never have. But it pisses me off to see otherwise normal people prosecuted to the full extent of the law for smoking a god damn plant. It pisses me off to see our tax dollars wasted to pay for a failing drug war and lock people up for years. It pisses me off to see our homes broken into, dogs shot, and families terrorized because some dipshit cop can't read an address correctly. It pisses me off that our rights are being taken away in the name of buzz-killing. It's insane and idiotic. So fuck you. Anti-war on drugs:> Nah, our Government would rather keep the war on drugs so it can hand our taxpayer dollars over to the prison-industrial complex, and then hope the South/Central American cartels get powerful enough that we have to get involved militarily. Then they can give the rest of our taxpayer dollars to the military-industrial complex and really crack down on our freedoms at home. Militarized cartels blowing shit up in southern California is our government's wet dream. Meme:>I accidentally the whole pun. Anti-cop:>I try to tell people, but they're too fucking stupid to accept it: cops are unconstitutional and we'd be better off without them. Of course, the original poster decided he would improve the quality of reddit by submitting high quality articles which challenged our worldview. Oh wait, he didn't. I'll let you see what he actually submitted. The point I'm trying to make is that everybody is a part of the problem you decry even if you don't think you are. When we down-vote stuff that we think is stupid or unreasoned we think we are being judicious and reasonable, but when everybody else does it they are just following the hivemind. Maybe you guys should realize that every other poster on reddit is EXACTLY like you and is capable of thinking for themselves and when they downvote your shit, it's not because they are following the crowd but because they actually came to that conclusion on their own just like you do when you downvote their shit.