The court opinion says the plaintiffs who are fighting for long-overdue medical marijuana are also entitled to hold parties liable for allegedly overcharging the system providers, after the statute of limitations for medical pot possession had run out.
Health insurance coverage for all patients who buy cannabis painkillers as well as sleep drugs has been pushed back six years after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger appointed the estates of tens of thousands of Americans affected by the original Prop 215 regime of 1970s legal cannabis laws.
Under the old rules, physician-assisted dying was illegal, and doctors had also been able to prescribe drugs under California's Drug Abuse Relief Act (Dana-O'Neill). But until 1982, doctors and nurses could not prescribe the same medications as their families.
Today, however, neither governor nor nursing home owners have their beneficiary covered by medical marijuana, the ruling says.
"With these current medical cannabis laws, its caregivers [the doctors and nurses] are in direct competition with the elderly," wrote the judge.
"Their employer-provided benefits have not been replaced since 1971, and the rising costs associated with medical cannabis have not been countered by significant customer service and administrative improvements."
The ruling also notes that courts around the country have refused to allow prosecution for Medicare fraud or Medicaid fraud against more than 1.5 million patients, saying they did not have jurisdiction over the cases.
"The general law appears that the prohibition on physician-assisted dying will not apply to other persons or groups wishing to use their means to purchase expensive medical marijuana, providing substantial administrative costs that enable our clients to manage their emotions and feelings," said the ruling.
"Even that speech may not constitute illegal force," said Daniel Marino, the team leader for the Institute of Medical Cannabis Dispensaries, which won the long-anticipated legal victory for the patients.
Although the medical cannabis laws eventually settled before the California Supreme Court decided the case, the DIRC now "needs to find new ways to treat and educate these vulnerable people, and we will continue to advocate for more equitable justice for these people," said Raphael Chaison, director of Public Policy and Workforce Development for the law firm of Janis Bernstein.
DIRC has been called by lawmakers "the wild west of the medical cannabis movement," as well as by policy analysts including Virginia Democratic Sen. Mark Warner, who argues on behalf of the organizers of DIRC that the first "Medicare for Cannabis Clinic" was on a clean path and becoming available.
In recent years, however, the legal marijuana community has had to play down its interest in the California case, pointing out that a prominent California Sen. Diane Feinstein, D-Calif., and new Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., sued DIRC over the agency that sanctioned the dispensary there in 1989.
Barry D. Sterling, the man who ran the federal law to send medical marijuana to the states of Colorado and Washington in 2002, is one of the original plaintiffs. He led a team that successfully changed the final language of the law and has set up an Institute of Medicine (IOM) to counter DOJ DOJ claims that Medical Cannabis Act of 2007 is so burdensome to the California cannabis industry that it is unconstitutional to overturn the original sweeping law.
The California case is the first to seek the full copyright of the DIRC's medical cannabis laws, and could show that every medical patient in the state is entitled to full access to the DIRC database.
