A Washington, D.C., legislator has signed into law legislation that would change the way marijuana is consumed in the state.
Ehrlich and her caucus will join with House Bill 480 in signing it into law in spring 2003.
It would require a six-month wait before marijuana-related medical marijuana patients have an opportunity to obtain their marijuana while their license is still valid.
The bill now goes to Gov. Pat Quinn, who must decide whether to veto it.
Patients who apply for Medicaid can wait six months, from the time they applied for the program until they turn 18, before being eligible for in-person visits.
Democratic leaders in the D.C. General Assembly had not identified such reasons for supporting the measure.
"We're going to be the driving force of the ballot issue and it is our duty to ask the voters to make a final decision on legalizing marijuana and how much it would cost," Rep. Rita C. Warren, D-6th District, said in a news release.
Warren said many people who get medical marijuana have varying notions about how it would affect their health, but she said she hasn't seen the bill before and hasn't written it.
The Marijuana Policy Project, a Washington advocacy group, said that doctors would be required to wait six months before they could prescribe a patient's medical marijuana product, which some doctors have said would be more expensive than traditional methods.
Drugmakers argued that some patients taking marijuana will eventually be shifted to emergency rooms, whereas others will become addicts, likely because of their higher costs of care.
The Marijuana Policy Project said the goal of the bill is to give more pot to the poor, but it would also allow the federal government to "shy away from traditional marijuana regulations."
Grassroots groups are sponsoring a statewide pot repeal drive and have already passed their goal of making Washington one of the states with the first post-legalization states.
On the call today to give voice to everyone in Washington, House Minority Leader Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) offered his initial pro-Gingrich donations.
Rep. Tommie Smith (D-Waxahachie), who has been active in the discussion of medical marijuana, released a statement that said he was frustrated by lawmakers' decision to forgo recognizing marijuana as an addiction treatment.
"During Senate Bill 480, passing this bill was not an easy job and so did it," he said. "However, this is a huge victory for millions of people whose work is to get our kids off drugs and back to our economy."
The legislation allows patients to obtain in-person visits with local doctors before they turn 18.
Republicans have opposed the measure, but it was supported by Reps. Peche Sazu and Fred Flintstone, of Washington and Tom Rooney of Richmond.
The single sponsor of the bill is Rep. Robert Davis, R-Missouri. He described the bill as "a bipartisan resolution of the problem."
All three are D.C. council members.
* White Nationalists denounce Oregon
As the Horseshoe Casino in St. Louis last night tried to close the deal with Nanticoke, Oregon, Nanticoke officials could be heard playing a tune they say one piece of advice they took from the gun-loving state.
Take a look at that recording by the Nanticoke Daily Bulletin, and you'll see the irony of the meeting that got dirty in this series.
Related:



