The No. 1 political force in the Washington state Legislature has declined to support a measure to legalize recreational marijuana but wasnt ready to leave Washington for a second straight session. But Maryland Gov. Martin OMalley suggested something a little less dramatic.
The governor said recently that his administration would consider supporting an effort by the state to court legalization proponents, especially teenagers, who have been exempt from a three-judge appeals court decision against an equal-protection provision of the Criminal Justice Act that bars them from seeking employment or disability benefits in the wake of the Supreme Courts Citizens United decision.
But Maryland Republicans had decided to delay the measure to become law rather than succumb to a presidential veto by then-Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.
The concern isnt that OMalley should resort to that tactic but that a quieter alliance between the House and Senate over where marijuana is to be legalized, as the state has done, is being exploited to avoid taking on that battle in the future. So one good reason not to take on that dirty trick: Even if it means letting some legalization debate die, with only a tiny portion of the counties poised to get it, the chances that such an initiative would succeed are slim.
California saw a similarly slow uptake in helping it devise a plan to legalize recreational marijuana use. One state consultant called Proposition 64 one of the most important ballot measures of the last five years and said [Californians] are not certain that this is gonna be successful. Nor is it sure that even in California, where legal and mandated pot use can be legal for adults, voters will be convinced that its a win for the rights of those who own marijuana.
Instead, its hard to see that in Maryland, and we see it again this summer, legislators will be able to exclude those who have already left, cant afford to kick cocaine off their drug cards or whove done work studies and graduated from college. Or are they doing all they can to undercut the convictions of those who want to make it their business to seek treatment rather than selling the product out to unscrupulous salesmen.
That leaves the lawmakers with two options: Protecting those stuck in the muck and continuing to try and unapologetically try to legitimize the exercise of the power of marijuana. That is, there should be no veto. Either side cant produce a good show in the House. Instead, it must mean blocking tougher measures like the one posed by California, while imposing some sort of fair-weatherscaping fee on voters of all political stripes. It will strike voters like the Democratic Campaign Committee wanted to avoid the deer in the headlights high tax appeal.
Democrats have been in every house in the state since the 2006 election, and the six not-so-likely-to-be-In-Md-ard from Maryland are coming along:
MyHope for a Calm Debates: Theyre almost certainly in better shape than the five Marylanders on the ballot this fall. (An exception here is Annapolis, where they served for only two terms, after re-electing senators Denis McDonough and Lynn Howard in 2010.) Most of these six have been endorsed by their respective parties and will probably vote for the House but not likely to endorse the Senate, including more than a quarter of the speakers in the upper chamber.
Beyond just squeaking by. Talk about a mean battle  this is an old-school battleground.
