The NFL should treat marijuana an issue with equal caution, marijuana industry lobbyist Jim McMahon has said.
In an open letter to the league and the Administration of Justice, McMahon made the assertion that marijuana can cause inflammation, pain, and suffering to an NFL player by the use of the drug.
McMahon contends this week that marijuana doesnt cause any injuries. Its proven to be beneficial in pro athletes in ways that football and baseball dont normally focus on because of its effect on sports. There are widespread conversations about marijuana use and how it is actually impacting collegiate football players.
McMahon represents a different perspective. He is concerned that marijuana problems are more subtle and that the injuries to players are less obvious and recognizable.
Cigarettes present two different side effects. At the bowl games there are clearly a measurable incidence of post-menopausal disorders such as osteoporosis, McMahon wrote in the letter posted to TheHerald, a Richmond, Va.-based newspaper. In spite of the apparent lack of a devastating effect, there has been a rising rate of the occurrence of suffering from these conditions.
He also concerns the impact the drugs have on ones joints.
Dealing with an unresponsive joint and a mole area have limited symptoms like headaches and nausea, and it seems that shoulder pain may be resulting in joints not sprouting up, McMahon wrote. These symptoms can result in joints becoming exposed to smoke and artificial compounds that assist in the movement of the joints. Marijuana can play a role in this.
The letter was authored by attorneys Christine Mattison and Michael Greco.
McMahon has written hundreds of letters across the nation before but has not written in opposition to marijuana as a possible treatment for the NFL. His big pharmaceutical client at the time was the NFLs Seattle Seahawks.
In the letter, McMahon says the NFL must consider how this disorder happens: This subject is challenging enough to allow consumers to make educated determinations based on these findings. We are uncertain whether cannabis can successfully treat these symptoms. However, our decision will be made based on the current data that supports safety and effectiveness. This is a viewpoint that many physicians share and we would welcome discussion with patients and the league on this issue.
McMahon has no idea what his potential client would be talking about. In an email message to TheHerald, McMahon didnt immediately return a request for comment.
Marijuana is used in many forms of medicine and millions of Americans smoke pot every year.
XXX reported earlier this month that marijuana has been responsible for improving symptoms for former NFL quarterback Jim McMahon, who died Sunday at age 65. McMahons vice president of communications for the Los Angeles Rams, Seth Emmons, said in February that the NFL wouldnt enforce the drug because it proves it has no effect.
