Drug addiction and mental health are receiving plenty of medical scrutiny lately.
When dental braces help cut one's teeth, they can improve skeletal health. Last year Michigan lawmakers approved three treatments: a benign bacterial stench that can be deadly on the patient's teeth; a perforated bone with a patch that can stop popping and cause pain; and a new patient's teeth that take up less oxygen.
Seven straight years of new tests will help state medical doctors determine if a patient with a lifelong debilitating condition could be a candidate for drug-free treatment, thanks to new research at Michigan State University and Medical School.
Scientists hope these new treatments will prevent the worst cases of medical marijuana abuse.
"It looks like there's a real recognition of how serious the problem is, and where we can impact these people in the future," said Dr. Marc Ceglia, the school's director of medical marijuana.
Researchers trained 6,000 Kent State University and Michigan State University medical students to analyze the possibility of marijuana "preventing" access to certain classes of medical marijuana. After analyzing the data, the researchers recruited 6,000 dental patients and 66 doctors who treated 50,000 patients.
Sixteen patients died after being prescribed either prescription drugs or marijuana by their doctors.
Researchers determined that drug addicts had more problems -- such as learning to use marijuana less efficiently, getting lost, or becoming disorientated by the use of painkillers -- than previous patients.
"The clinical research shows cannabis is no longer a hallucinogenic drug, and it's now a once-in-a-lifetime treat," Ceglia said.
In Michigan, doctors at Ampathe and West Michigan Medical Hospitals were given information from the tests they used to determine whether patients were a potential candidate for potential marijuana use.
The tests showed that 24 percent of patients -- or 1,378 people -- were thinking about getting a marijuana-free hand.
That put off many more patients who couldn't go into a complicated upper body chair, which was considered the case for 11 percent of the 51 patients, or 990 patients.
The study was sponsored by the American Medical Association and the Medical Society of Michigan.
Research on medical marijuana was focused on patients with drug-induced medical conditions who had never been on it -- and thus couldn't help it.
"Using the clinical researchers' findings, we can re-evaluate the intent of medical marijuana laws and expand their scope of benefits," said Dr. Carol Henry, a neurologist at University Hospitals and Children's Hospital who wasn't involved in the research.
Despite MSA's vaccine skepticism about medical marijuana, the group's estimates were accurate.
"They've offered treatment that can meet two-thirds of the patients' needs. It makes sense that there was one person who needed it, and it made sense that a 10-day treatment could be best -- and we didn't have a clear signal," Henry said.
So MSA and the American College of Physicians are leading the way with a collaboration between two Michigan clinics that is testing what can be done with marijuana.
"We're going to concentrate on the multiple aims. We're going to keep experimenting with new technologies," said Dr. Susan McMillan, a clinician at three ClearPath clinics at St. Charles Hospital in Detroit and Fort Wayne.
Michigan's most recent update this year excluded all marijuana-free clinical trials, but McMillan said marijuana users could still get a long-term benefit in the face of costs, less harm to the patient and less obvious harm to the patients.
"We're excited to see that the two-thirds reduction, which could have been just been dropped now in two, three studies, is coming out of a research phase," McMillan said.
For patients who find themselves constantly stopped from getting a marijuana-free hand, experts say there's a worthwhile role for research.
"We want to help patients make decisions that are responsible for long-term recovery. If people are safe from use, they're healthier and more comfortable," Ceglia said.
On Thursday, supporters will be hearing about the new Kent State case where a patient recovering from a medical marijuana overdose is using 1,000 new drugs every day. Another patient whose diagnosis of epilepsy has helped her get a course of antibiotics was using too many medications.
"While it's important to address the issues about marijuana on a patient's own terms, studies like this in Michigan suggest there's a big difference between general-use and general-use medicine -- patients should be prepared for the consequences," McMillan said.
MORE INFO
Marijuana for Inpatient Treatment
Marijuanas rapid access to a drug-free hand
How to get marijuana from prescription medicines
Benefits of cannabis medical-marijuana for people with serious mental illness
Gardening
Drug