Popular marijuana consumer Annette Cox discusses the tragic events today that killed five people and left 19 others injured on Sunday. Cox's comments can be found on the FOX News video "Why this holiday gets us on high."
The four deaths and 19 injured on Sunday followed an ambush incident on Friday at Pan Acre, Minn., where three black men crashed a car and were killed by a man wielding a machete. Police said the three men had two handguns, one capable of firing a cannon, and one incapable of firing weapons. The men were killed in the ambush, and five others were wounded.
Earlier this month, A$AP Rocky was arrested for failing to report his DRCT gun to police. In 2017, Rocky was jailed in Spokane, Wash., for his attempt to sell the weapon for $7. Several companies shut down due to Rocky's threat to end his company if he did not pay a fine.
Gunman 'Explosive' Withdraws from Yellowstone Parks (WRITER)
Police Release New Video of Oldest Marine Killed in West Virginia (WRITER)
Trump Battled With Lawmaker Who Wrote Anti-Obamacare Mental Health Rules (WRITER)
One of the deadliest acts of violence in the U.S.A. is being documented on a mass-produced Facebook page called "the horrific night of March 28, 2017."
After the shooting, some Facebook users questioned the motivations behind the purpose of the page, urging Facebook users to do whatever they could to help find a cure.
One post, which is attributed to Rocky, is Portrait: Anguished Champion of Black Freedom, with the caption, Lies 2 Homicidal Shooters, Thank You to the National Rifle Association and the NRA. God Bless America and God Bless the Nation. The post concludes with the words, RIP Lionel Chadwick.
Coxs comments also echo the 2016 Cleveland riot, in which several hundred people were killed.
The social-media-happy rapper took to his website to blast an ad Chantal Stagliano, a Republican from D.C., for proclaiming the beginning of the gun control campaign.
The Black Lives Matter petition campaign has garnered more than 400,000 signatures, now urging the NRA to rescind its Defend Black Lives Amendment.
Several Louisiana lawmakers expressed shock at the deaths of the Three Bears and the leader of Floridas unarmed teen Trayvon Martin on Sunday, but now Levin holds a special session in January to consider imposing restrictions on handguns and illegal firearms.
The video on Why This Holiday Gets Us on High features multiple scenarios in which the deceased are left in the middle of the carnage. Cox highlighted the confusion with CNNs The Lead series, saying, Within seconds of no one getting shot, the next shot can come from an injured shoulder. She cited the unnecessary checkpoints that took people off the streets in the area where the deaths took place and worries that more than half of those killed by police were not even using a weapon.
Cox concluded, It wasnt the way people loved to die.
