The slow-motion legalization of marijuana in Florida is making locals and local authorities nervous.
Federal officials say businesses have not been complying with two federal regulations.
Michael Webb of Tuskegee, Alabama, farms corn and a couple dozen other crops and collects more than 50,000 meals.
The federal government will go take them, Webb said. They have no local or state tax to work with them.
But Webbs farm needs federal approval to grow, harvest and sell marijuana. A federal judge recently let the Florida law lapse and placed restrictions on whether Dr. Judy Miles could transmit her pot clients.
You dont carry your business here. You dont even go to that different area where theres people just popping up popping up, popping up on the street, popping up on the farm, Webb said.
A bill that would allow the state to legalize marijuana sold at grocery stores has advanced to the governors desk for a vote.
We will accept a federal rule they didnt, Webb said. It doesnt matter what they do as long as I can keep my operation going, cause the price is crazy.
In August 2014, Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson signed a bill providing legal marijuana sales and tax to 6.5 million Washington consumers. The law allows Washington residents to purchase medical pot and find out their daily dose if they want.
While that law is being fiercely fought over by Seattle and Portland, Ore., they are also appealing laws put into effect in Colorado and Washington state.
They allow people to grow their business and a profit from it and take care of their family and their horses and their children, Webb said. We could have a free market as much as we are.
Florida officials say they are aware of their individual state laws.
But Webb worries about the spread of diseases that could continue to spread to his crop.
I was caught growing those weeds in my back yard, Webb said. There was no going back and I havent taken care of that ever.
Right now, Florida officials say they dont have a uniform strategy to give people pot without paying a higher tax.
The U.S. government comes here legally and does a whole bunch of things, weve got agreements in place to set us up and make sure we do what we can do, a spokeswoman for Florida Health Commissioner Dr. Martin Mota said. So some of these are assets we are able to manage with, but we dont have a uniform approach and strategy to it.
For more on this story, click here.
