Creepy? Creepy? Creepy? A new CNN segment on drug-fueled pot-infused video is the most extreme by far, thanks to a giant pot user's PDA.
Representatives from the Marijuana Policy Project released the video, which includes a shot of a pot-filled room of a couple. Marijuana Policy Project co-director Judd Bielz tweeted the clip on Tuesday.
The feature includes a strip of marijuana that is apparently made to look like marijuana pipes  or rather, pipes from urine, as the story claims.
In the clip, Mike DeLuca of the Marijuana Policy Project claims that there were more children addicted to pot than parents in Georgia and Texas in 2016  and blames drug addiction and abuse on pot.
"What these kids were living with before, after legalization, they just grew up addicted," he said. "The only science that proved that is the pot that kills you."
Just another day in the lives of marijuana users, children from zero to 30, adult children.   Judd Bielz (@JuddBielz) January 2, 2018
Charlie Gasparino, Editor-in-Chief of Marijuana Business Daily, told XXX in an interview that the piece in the article proves "that the best pot ideas are those that go nowhere for the very people they're trying to solve their problems."
Gasparino also said the content of the clip "wasn't free to us, but it was a successful experiment and 'smoke and mirrors' was a hot potato at the time."
Gasparino added that CNN was actually "willing to provide the public access to the marijuana images that might otherwise be accessed on the network without your permission or disclosure."
This latest pot-infused video comes after the same group released a follow-up report earlier this week saying smoking pot by prescription is a sure fire way to pain relief, and as a legal way to end dependence.
Granted, since November when marijuana became illegal nationwide, Americans have made it their number one voting bloc in U.S. elections. The Marijuana Policy Project, which has drawn the wrath of Democratic politicians over their "spilling in your vape pen" policy, remains steadfast in its stance against legalization.
Brian Flood, a former U.S. representative from southern California who now serves as Editor-in-Chief of Marijuana Business Daily, and Devin Logan, a former U.S. senator from Utah, both told XXX they support enforcement of any drug law.
"It's definitely not something that you'd take lightly, but it's something we can't take lightly. In a lot of ways we supported legalization not in a vacuum, but kind of from a political standpoint. I really believed that the second time around and in a very consequential way it's the best medicine for the American people," Logan said.
"If we wanted to stop somebody from getting drugs the second time around it would take a lot more time," Logan said, adding that marijuana use in "seriously dangerous ways" in the U.S. is an "attempt to stir distrust of the science and stupidity, and that's why we support legalization."
XXX's Washington bureau chief Ben Domenech contributed to this report.
