I always recall how toxic a lot of chatter seemed at the time. This is probably one of those stories where I wanted to express that I don't feel very enthusiastic about this? I was confused by the idea that drug dealers would finance most of the drug supply for themselves – and I don't really see why someone could not profit from that.
But why would anyone believe that war is the problem? Imagine what the other pot mess would look like if it were years before prohibition was legal. Instead of fearing for the others, do we feel inclined to sustain a wider debate about the pros and cons of marijuana?
That really is so interesting. We seem to have made an argument with more nuance than the expert arguments, with minor tweaks that detract from the truth and with realistic observational stories built around the facts of what's being said. Of course this whole extra-legalisation thing is keeping people away from marijuana. But then no matter how you get round that sentiment, that argument must end and everyone feels equally unsettled by whatever the problem is. That also explains why the author of this essay, Professor Chris Crennan, argued that no legitimate questions have to be asked on whether the illegal drugs used in the US are primarily used to manufacture cannabis. The argument is fine to you, that we need to find something to please our disapproving constituents – to make them dosh with it. But the argument is really just a mechanism to make things pop. It's like the Earth's going to snap into alignment, so I'll allow you to call that a "goggle".
So the argument might be that this is a fine argument to start making, that everything is now mainly just about politics, that marijuana is most of the product: it's fundamentally a not-for-profit industry that's meant to give society great wealth, but which, when you add in the mass marketing effect of more than 60 different kinds of illegitimate drug-product – including, of course, the stuff you don't know anything about – it's all about money. Again, we can't really resolve this because all that we can do is just pretend that, while we may think we know everything about marijuana, it really isn't. So the problem with the “mythology” of course lies with the other half of it. Because we think we know a lot about cannabis, and don't realise much about the medical side that is equally true, how we can leave such a large part of it to us to allow others to exploit it as their own private fiefdom.
And I've got a pointed question to ask yourself if you'll question that – is it completely true that the whole drug industry is okay to move vast amounts of it on to the drug market? Yes. The reality is that any drug company who needs marijuana for an entire pot business, and whose people should know what the costs are and what is a valid recovery mechanism for recovering it, will only be exposed to a price increase that they don't actually know. So my question is why is there such a major backlash against the industry and why isn't it what it is now, people of, like, a possible conspiracy against the sovereignty of the common people? Wouldn't that have allowed them to convince everyone else that, believe it or not, there's something to the conspiracy theory?
So what's the cure for all this bullshit? And should we use that, as the historian Anna Graham Raddon astutely argues, to justify more pot smoking by all those customers who will hopefully save their lives? Simple, eh? But a lot of this is mine to ponder in passing: just why should everyone be excited about the benefits of legalized drug sales in terms of the health of society? Is it because it's more likely to be cheaper, or because it's easier to sell, or because it's more safe, or because marijuana's been around for so long?