This article is over 3 years old
French lawyers have advised South African authorities to keep up to date with drug regulations
Officials from the South African government have advised local authorities in South Africa to closely monitor marijuana policy, with several countries worldwide banned from enforcing the terms of the deal
British authorities sent their pitch to British authorities on the subject of cannabis oil, which allows people to legally produce it without having to undergo extensive tests.
British state information officers, who have liaised with the United States, U.K. and Australia on this issue, have asked countries to tighten their regulations on pot and have prohibited individuals from possessing and selling cannabis oil in the United States.
A South African court has sent its decision to the United States on the case to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
Withdrawal of British restrictions: how illegal is pot?
The British and U.K. governments failed to convince the United States Congress last month to authorise their government to review an existing restriction on distributing cannabis oil, dubbed THC, passed in the 1970s.
Legalization might also help it, because it means marijuana, already legal in the US, could easily be used to make crack cocaine. "What happens, it's a matter of when," Gavin Plucki, head of the British public prosecutions office, told German magazine Der Spiegel, according to Bloomberg.
A Reuters analysis of FDA database data found that the Drug Enforcement Administration's drug policy center in Washington and data from US anti-marijuana groups JUMP.org shows restrictions could also apply to apples and cherry sauce.
The US government this month announced its decision to halt sales of cannabis oil in some states with low legalization rates – Montana has already signed up to that. In the UK, British citizens can but that doesn't mean it's illegal, according to Tony Clark, a former former staff attorney at the Drug Enforcement Administration in Washington and now a partner at CanniForensics LLP.
"The UK government has a clear position and the one that says it can't operate with any restrictions is that it's 'unfit for business,'" Clark told Reuters.
A spokesman for British government affairs, Phil Browne, said:"We have long maintained that the DEA is a fully compliant state agency to the letter. In its own power as a public service, we will provide the fullest protection to our fellow citizens."