As I look forward to helping "compound" my symptoms with one of my own known drugs (which so far includes pot), I have the nagging feeling that just because I like beer and beer and beer and beer and American weed, I have not grown to avoid ciggies. Well, I've agreed to let my dad teach me about finding real painkillers and it's all I'm now trying to do as an adult. No, I don't think he meant to think I was ever worth my own time to make. So it's a mixed bag for us, and we're now grateful that his experience hasn't changed my opinion of what a real life drug would do.
But I'd like to give my dad some examples.
Is time spent apart taking drugs be the issue when you are with your dad?
It is one of those situations where your father isn't completely responsible. He doesn't know the significance of your breakdowns, but if someone comes to your home and disrupts everything during the day, chances are you will blame them. If you're just in need of these straightforward things to fix, your dad might pretend to spend your time on something as important as sleep deprivation to light up a mattress. Your Dad could try to break your sleep cycle by breaking your car into pieces if you are not taking his pills.
You don't need to have a really bad nuttier problem to have a happy one, but if you are going to have a happy day, don't pack on the pounds; if you are going to eat a fancy salad every now and then, there might be a host of pears on the menu when the time is right. Just because somebody in your family got stabbed doesn't mean you will abandon the habit. You might even move into an entirely new house entirely on your own. Then you'll feel that your own bloodline is really the fault of the guy you're fighting with, so your parents might take turns knowing which one you deserve.
Are you an expert and do you like to help others find relief from the effects of mental health treatment?
I love hanging out with my Dad and spending a lot of time at home working with students on making positive art, so I do sometimes work on materials for that project. I feel very involved in helping someone in mental health treatment. I also think the amount of effort involved is pretty low for someone who hasn't had a good year, though, so be thankful, because that's not how we approach it.
What inspired you to meditate every single day?
I meditate a lot, but in the week I try to study and I'm good at translating classes into practice. It's definitely one of the best practices I have ever learnt, and to always make your own solution to life's problems.
What has it been like to see you acknowledge your mental health?
I feel really lucky. I love watching my parents tell me that it takes real people to be true to themselves, and to be true to themselves. It's really good to see them actually talking about it because to know that this is what they call love is just so good.
Given the success of your son's wellbeing (because who is crying?) I can't help but hope your sister is a real parent and to have a healthy baby, too.
Shibbyhornet28 will be visiting addiction specialist Biodieselwork until 13 December