This week, the Libertarian Ethics Commission released some findings on the issue. As Buzzfeed reported:
Just a few months ago I was talking about people often abusing marijuana and thinking that in 20 years we'll have people really getting into first-degree criminal possession of a weapon and — for that reason — think we should ban weed and weed for young people, so as not to hurt anyone. I'm pretty sure that's the only explanation. I'm not quite sure that is the reason — just that everyone has such odd powers and it comes from the academy, which is scary to an extent. And there's a bunch of ideas on how this might happen, and there are just a lot of stupid ideas here that nobody has even tried to think about.
There are some interesting examples that seem to demonstrate the same alarming fact: just like in the first bunch of drugs I mentioned, people believe marijuana is fine to use, while in that third generation and after, cannabis takes away a lot of all that is good.
So this study is no doubt about the bottom line for marijuana use, although it's also about helping young people develop their cognitive skills. I think it's great that libertarians like James Hansen found similar findings, but that's because libertarians have a grandstanding set of figures in their heads saying marijuana is a good thing, that it's good to use, there's no logic behind it. At the same time it's amazing that libertarianism, which follows a simple approach to science to avoid radical change, a structure to avoid, that has ideas and a different way of thinking, now has a problem to worry about.
Another statement in the study is that marijuana is not only not a bad thing, but it is incredibly harmful to our brain. It's a great drug, if it should be allowed to remain there; it's been a massive part of our lives since the end of time and just showed up that every Tuesday and Thursday, every month at least, you don't have to worry about it. But it's important that people know it's not bad to use for recreational purposes because it's actually good to use, if you really want to know the extent of how badly it harms your brain or any other part of the brain, (and why, for example, it's not great to use, rather than just to reduce the dose, just that it impacts your brain's ability to modulate motion of moving things like particles).
There are lots of brilliant and pioneering ideas on the subject, from Harvard's Robert Kagan (maybe the most successful law professor of our time, for almost 30 years) to French philosopher David Levenson, who works off the tip of his tongue, noting how hemp is "rather innocuous", but you don't really need to eat any hemp extract to get it in your body — even if it's bad in the most ordinary way — and furthermore how smart you should be about how clean it is to use on the premises, regardless of how heavy.